what is the best layout for a middle school computer lab?
is it worthwhile for college professors to join sigcse?
is it worth it for high school teachers to join sigcse?
who should own the intellectual property on a program developed in classes?
how should i advise an undergraduate who wants a career teaching cs?
what can cs educators do to help teachers of other subjects include computing in their teaching?
how to answer questions about how i became interested in programming?
should we merge technology departments with the science departments?
how to structure a predictive keyboard project similar to gboard
how is computer science (and education) different today than some decades ago?
c# array lesson plan
what to do when pupil destroy lab equipment?
programming exercise tagging
would you mentor other people for free/voluntary donations?
suggested fliers for high school career fair?
in what branch of science does technology belong?
how can i credit to sources i'll use for my paid or free video tutorials on youtube or udemy?
data science tutoring without just doing my student's homework
android course: xml or compose?
how can we tailor a large language model for educational purposes by incorporating instructional and pedagogical-specific skills and knowledge?
could anyone test and criticize my automaton simulator?
using processing as an entry point in an introductory course
how to get girls more interested in computer science?
do your students pay attention when you speak?
test takings strategy tragedy
how do i deal with students being unkind to each other when i'm not there?
in programming courses, should homework grading be the job of the ta or the professor?
suspicious activity in github classroom
what autograding software do folks use for java code?
is it possible to ensure division of labor on a group assignment?
should assembly language be taught in an introductory course (or soon after)?
using microcontrollers in an introductory course
when should concurrency and parallel multi-processing concepts be introduced?
explaining basic html structure
how to encourage participation in the national olympiad in informatics?
the use of the octal system
designing rubrics for ap computer science-style free response questions
what is a good analogy for the object oriented paradigm?
programming curriculum for elderly students
dealing with students who complete labs very quickly
is it more effective to teach low level languages before high level ones or vice versa?
real life examples of 0-indexing
ruby backend framework choice: ruby on rails vs sinatra
encourage students to be independent
how can i discourage poor design while using automatic grading of submissions?
how to avoid getting emotionally attached to my students' projects?
analogy for static objects (or members)
workflow for code submission
simple pointer examples in c
note-taking policy: laptops, or by hand?
supplementing curriculum with online resources
video games during class
computers are down; what's in your bag of tricks for teaching cs when they can't get on a computer?
excel macro recorder exercises
significant algorithm from cs for drracket that emphasize cons, car, and cdr
introducing self containing objects (node)
how to provide individual grades for group project work?
instructional methods for in-class code demos
problematic student at a very high level
demographics in programming teams in early cs courses
colors in blocks-based languages
suggestions for encouraging good coding practices?
how can i incorporate agile development into cs1/cs2 courses?
genetic algorithm enrichment lesson
why is the critical-section problem always presented with code in infinite loops?
deep learning teaching resources
homework policy for advanced/honors students
how to teach students not to use jump statements
teaching identifier naming conventions
the importance of writing understandable code [duplicate]
teaching other markup languages
should cs students be doing their tests on paper?
how to teach to write optimized code
interview lesson on "computational thinking"
justification for an objects-early approach to introductory programming
opportunities for interdepartmental collaboration
looking for a block-based programming language for ap cs p
thoughts on copying and pasting code?
when should i scrap my projector for a blackboard?
what would be a good first choice to teach game programming to beginners?
do you see the "bimodal distribution" too?
what to gather feedback on?
how to teach the value of the command line in high school?
do you use any teaching assistant tool in your cs1 lab classes?
should unit testing be taught in introductory programming classes?
how do i scaffold students toward building meaningful projects?
what statistics should be in a computer science degree?
how to deal with very low performing students?
is asking students to debug existing code better than having them write new code?
how important is learning binary for first-year college students?
priority queue practice vs examples
to what extent should uml be covered in the context of a degree?
balance between teaching and projects in a club
how do i teach ethics in hacking using analogies?
should test cases be made available to students for assessed assignments?
how should floating point inaccuracies be explained and justified?
starting open source
curriculum design for a unit on alan turing and his impact on cs
multi-client to server connection demonstration using analogy
how to prepare students for bias in industry
uses of high school computer science: where can it lead other than university cs?
dealing with students who are overly motivated
how can i prepare cs majors for non-programming jobs?
explaining access levels and visibility in oop
event-driven or polling for beginning programming environments?
how should educators ensure their curriculum remains relevant over time?
teaching "math function" vs. "cs function"
how do i teach "math equality" vs. "cs assignment" vs. "cs equality logic operator"?
teaching "cs integer" vs. "math integer"
how to adapt pair programming to a shared terminal environment like cloud9?
classroom use of a limited port scan in the wild?
what would be a good analogy for ip addresses and ports?
how can i convince my fellow cs teachers that reaching every student is a worthwhile goal?
how important is "delivering the content" of a course?
do python and java lead students to construct different mental models of memory?
lambda expressions exercises and practice
what advantages/disadvantages have you seen with pair programming in the classroom
good datasets for intro cs courses?
is there a compilation of ap csp scores by curriculum?
how should students be encouraged to reflect and improve after summative assessment?
how do you encourage students to take criticism of their code constructively?
what is a good analogy to introduce databases and sql?
what are the benefits/uses of a smart board in cs education (or are there none)?
the impact of switching to java 10
should teachers enforce standardization of spacing and braces?
should java static space and memory model be a part of ap cs
how to tell a student that s/he should enroll in a different program?
what should a teacher do with information about plagiarism before the final submission
best practices for letters of recommendation in cs
avoiding difficulties when teaching with metaphors and analogies
working with students with specific secondary skill
what are good models for an honors program for cs students?
what would be reasonable to include in an introduction to ai class for a 7th-8th grade after school program?
how to make term reports, easy to do (and secondly effective, and accurate)
advances in cs appropriate for cs1 and cs2 made by female computer scientists
when a student submits a work that is a copy from a colleague, should you also punish the student that made the work?
best puzzle type to foster logical thinking
teaching the humble for loop
teaching the tradeoffs of the foreach loop
is it important to teach pointers in a first course using java?
is sicp appropriate for an advanced high school cs course?
how can i help students develop intuition about a programming language?
what 'procedural' habits to break when teaching 'functional' programming?
lesson ideas for introducing macros in c
active learning for boolean algebra
lesson plan for teaching java graphics
placement of app inventor in high school cs curriculum
order to teach topics in an intro programming class
how do i explain blockchain using an analogy?
framework choice for ap cs a students: swing or javafx?
teaching high-level versus low-level concepts
the order of subjects in beginner's curriculum
working around language quirks
testing students on recursion - tracing by hand / unplugged
avoiding confusion about precedence
the tao of teaching (making mistakes in front of the class)
explaining why styling should not be done directly in html
what should be in a cybersecurity course in secondary school?
how do i teach about inequity in computing resources?
does/should a cs education include information about responsible use of human subjects in research
what is a good way to explain computer viruses?
what ethical practices do students (as potential software engineers) need to be trained in?
what's a good initial lesson for teaching arduino?
what are some good real-life examples of pipelining, latency, and throughput?
should students be taught to be first and foremost: scientists or mathematicians?
books to use for ios app development
how to best use lab periods
what is a good design for a capstone course in cs?
what part does formal ethics training play in your curriculum?
using zybooks and labs
incorporating algorithmic complexity in grading
strategies for independent learners to identify gaps in their knowledge
ways to advance the field of computer science education as a non-researcher
teaching oop in java, to students who already know java
independent research on bootcamp job placement claims
how to introduce scala to a team of java developers without being boring?
techniques for encouraging pair programming
exercises for teaching gui / windows interaction basics
introducing pair programming
distance or part-time graduate/doctoral study
paper books or ebooks?
tools or methods to make projected code easier to follow
what professional development events or conferences are out there for cs educators?
intensive basic vba course - which variables to teach?
how many lines does your code have?
finishing college with employable skills
ide vs editor and terminal for cs1
workshops on cloud (azure)
how can we motivate students to review each other's code?
how can i effectively manage peer evaluation among my students?
good example of what isn't a system call?
what could be the possible advantages of teaching scheme as first programming language?
choosing java-like language for teaching web development
plagiarism checks for source code
is there any purpose to having students do fiddly cache homework assignments?
to plan or not to plan that is the question
show students the consequences of their design decisions
why don't more universities teach revision control?
is the crt still relevant when introducing display hardware
giving students a break
physical analogy to introduce a delegate in .net programming
pick-me-up exercises for after-lunch brain death
advantages of teaching basic javascript through typescript
is there any value in teaching pseudo code?
using physical activity to explain the nested for loop
teaching arduino---but not just "monkey see monkey do"
how do you assess students' understanding of abstraction?
computer science vs it vs digital literacy
going from syntax to cs concepts
teaching critical thinking
making technical presentations safe for novices
good resource for practice problems for inductive proofs
should i share cs jobs stats at a girls who code session?
how to explain the int() function to a beginner
use of “learnable programming” (via direct manipulation) software, in teaching
how to prevent dictating the solution when tutoring
how should i respond to a student who proposes a "weak" analogy?
research on gender and attainment in cs
toy databases for class examples/homeworks
how do i construct a basic lesson on computational complexity and undecidability?
best git strategy for workshop code (starter -> end solution)
a lab activity for the y-combinator
how to stop being the oracle
what's the best way to assess programming?
paired programming with an odd number of students
single-dimensional array and simple looping activities of significance
the order of questions on examinations
what should be included in a best practices c course?
a better database management system, for teaching databases
where, sequentially, do interfaces sit in an introduction to objects?
is it possible to teach selection (`if`) before variables
advantages and disadvantages of teaching block-coding languages such as mit's app inventor?
allowing students to work cooperatively on a computer, and retain access to their work
what are good class exercises on design patterns?
how far do you take modular expressions?
what student exercises force them to modify and extend their own thinking process and methods?
what are good examples that actually motivate the study of recursion?
big-endian, little-endian using analogy
motivation for learning c++ when you know java
opening a machine learning course in high school
popular demonstration of cryptographic tools
is it worthwhile to teach assembly nowadays?
pedagogical reasoning behind a minor difference in two loops
simple explanation of jpeg working principles
when does excessive collaboration become plagiarism?
what are the core concepts of discrete mathematics within cs?
answering “how is this useful to me?”
how do teachers motivate students to persevere and learn?
object design lab
how to avoid misconceptions about while loop when using null loop
how to phrase questions about spotting design issues in programs
textbooks: yes, no, roll your own?
what are the tradeoffs of allowing students to submit test corrections?
blockchain cipher suitable for preschoolers unplugged
should i teach that 1 kb = 1024 bytes or 1000 bytes?
is it bad to force my students not to return early?
is stressing too much on formalism acceptable?
how do you deal with lone rangers in group projects?
use of jshell in ap cs a
which non-programming skills help make a good programmer?
a meaningful exercise that requires using a destructor
usefullness of study guide
should i provide answers to exercises?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of cumulative vs percentage grading?
how to help students avoid being distracted by bells and whistles
what should be included in student portfolios for cs?
resubmitting projects
how to give assignments that require heavy computational resources?
how can we teach good naming practice for students learning java?
what are healthy, productive ways to encourage students to progress to more advanced constructs as opposed to staying with the familiar?
what resources and data sets are available for teaching big data courses?
what are "general purpose programming skills"?
how can i speed up the construction of high quality testing materials?
"computer sciency" and "practical" exercices involving dictionaries
how to collect and grade xcode work
lab requirement in ap cs a
what screencasting tools can be used for online teaching
what are the advantages/disadvantages of teaching how to implement nodes, linked lists, stacks, and queues before showing built-in implementations?
criteria for admission to ap cs courses in high school
process scheduling is not "process" scheduling - should i disclose it to students?
once implicit/inferred typing is introduced, how can i impress upon students the importance of not abusing it?
interesting programming exercises /analogies to teach inheritance?
how can i explain the concept of zero knowledge proofs to students
is it better to lie to students or to be pedantic when teaching intro cs?
is it ok to use logic programming(like prolog) as students' first language?
will you tell students that algorithms + data structures = programs now(21st century)?
should i correct mistakes in student presentations?
why isn't functional programming taught first?
statistics on functional programming in cs1
can assignments be graded using blockchain?
courage to attack difficult questions
looking for puzzle/game programmes, so students can write solvers
students frequently distracted by peers and games
how do people prefer to learn web development - videos or text?
easy to use database for hs students
what can be the causes of the difference in student performance?
short foundational lessons for 7-8 year olds
how can i apply spaced repetition to teaching cs?
small to medium scale exercises about haskell's higher abstractions
will i regret using python as a teaching language when i later need to teach static typing?
what belongs in a low-math undergraduate ai elective besides ml?
lab ideas for set theory
how to gamify the learning management system
software to produce an interactive presentation?
example for introduction to generics in java 
need a good "streaming" software for coding tutorials/workshops
project based on game 2048
beginner javascript course - recommended books
what is good age to start learning programming?
best way to install and maintain windows 10 in a computer lab
should one study programming by doing hard problem?
java or kotlin for beginners (procedural programming knowledge is existing)?
why and how is it efficient to process sorted arrays than unsorted arrays?
what is the best way to learn an object oriented programming language with framework, data structure and alogrithms?
should programming assignments be graded based on results from unit tests or based on the similarity to the correct implementation?
javascript to teach theoretical computer science
code highlight for classroom use
how to explain eth to undergraduate students?
how to write a grading rubric for coding assignments?
what is a good teaching example/application for jagged arrays (2d arrays with irregular row lengths)?
which image rotation libraries use the paeth algorithm?
curriculum choice for ap computer science a
angular vs react vs vue
automatic grading of test-cases
online code review scripts like udacity
do some websites block school building/classroom ip networks because they mistake us for possible ddos?
is the algorithm-recipe analogy a good or a bad one?
how to teach operating systems development nowadays?
turtle examples for loops and variables, or even something else
what are the essential ideas that students need to know about artificial intelligence?
thoughts on language for intro to data science?
open source mooc platforms
suggestions for teaching selection sort with candy
what is a file?
concrete example for polymorphism use?
how to teach c++ language to beginners of (bscs) students who have no any idea about it?
how to introduce kotlin in a programming languages course
hardware (cameras, headsets) for teals supported classrooms
discrete function is also a math function? example
hand-on ideas on tutorial on setting up a cloud-based server
how to introduce problem solving to primary school pupils?
how does ib computer science compare with ap computer science?
how to create webpage slides for teaching?
what are some good problems which can be solved with a queue? example
projecting the in- class demo screen
how can you efficiently assess students web coding?
what do a-level students, that have not done gcse, struggle with?
end of year movies for cs classes
shallow, broad and general introduction to programming
creating interactive gnu/linux shell programming courses
assignment repositories
array or vector? two dimensional array or matrix?
what is a good introductory language for high school?
a real world example for the divide and conquer method
classification of programming exercises
any relevant research in motivation?
abreviation of practical work assignment?
system to validate run time complexity requirements
interfaces and greenfoot
what's the benefit of prohibiting the use of techniques/language constructs that have not been taught?
hackerrank challenges for a programming course: hide code and show only what is relevant?
what would be a best approach to teach programming to non cs major?
software tool as in bret victor's demo
any auto grading site that supports all-testcases-in-one-file (and/or in github)?
a category to classify expressions, statements and blocks
how do you distinguish jargon from normal language in explaining a concept?
analogy to teach beginners the concept of interrupt
platform for annotating students' code assignments
setting up a cloud-server ssh login procedure for a class? (aws)
how do you wow second-year students into saying "bare-metal programming is cool!"?
research on teaching a second programming language/paradigm
javafx and console-based interfaces, at the cs1 level
materials on database indexing with examples
does it make sense to write tutorial when content of the tutorial can be already learned from internet without that tutorial?
how to teach linear programming and reductions?
order of learning formal languages, automata, compilers and parsing
what is the best way to teach javascript functions to middle schoolers?
is it worth to learn to make a md5-hash cracker?
how can we measure proficiency in programming languages?
what are some real life applications of the knapsack problems class?
an intro to cs course in c++ for cs majors: laying a solid low-level foundation or simple tools and algorithmic thinking?
how can i teach the students a package/module in a computer lab?
what would be your ideal first lecture in a databases course?
what is the cs analog to learning one's multiplication tables?
putting feedback comments on source code when grading
computer science in the waldorf curriculum
how to prevent organization/os students from becoming premature optimizers?
which are common misconceptions about code execution? how to efficiently debug my student?
an example that compares a computational with a non-computational thinking approach
robotics recommendations
explaining event-driven programming in the context of the structured programming theorem
how can i design online tests and prevent cheating? pandemic
what evaluation methods can be used that don't involve testing but are adaptable to online courses pandemic
which topics should one cover in teaching a course titled “artificial intelligence and machine learning”?
distributed pair programming in distance education pandemic
hs lessons on modeling virus spread
how to limit access to tests on blackboard?
counter-example for computability
advising college students about whether to take classes pass/fail due to pandemic
online classes: any good ways to avoid having too many interruptions but at the same time not leaving anyone behind due to the pandemic?
seeking advice on mentoring without participating in exam cheating in the new chaotic environment of the pandemic
what "process instruction" should instructors give students when assigning a team project?
is it ok to use "informal" systems such as teamspeak or discord to support classes due to pandemic?
a beginner example of xor, that is functional (does not switch to procedural)
(foss) application to show/explain compilation?
computer science theory with haskell?
is it necessary or advisable to teach text-based input and output in a non-cs intro programming course?
how to design a cloze test for a programming language?
coding assignments for algorithms and data structures?
any website or textbook with problems/solutions for computer science theory?
is there a word for mathematics/physics/data-analytics/....?
how to embed tic-80 into computer science 101 course
problem book for haskell course
what to teach in an advanced computer networking course?
creating a pre-recorded lecture
dataset colection of weighted graphs
jackson based ide for programming
concept of variable
is cs50 ap available for new teachers for 2020-2021?
items on grading rubric for a coding assignment
creating a rubric for computer arithmetic
where can i find high-quality editable slides for teaching git?
teaching in class and online cohorts cs pandemic
when mentoring individuals, teach clean coding and simple/effective thinking or let them do it their way?
are there problem sets for trace table problems? if not, what are some good topics to cover?
relationship between acm curriculum guidelines from 2013 and computing curricula 2020
looking for good master theorem real world examples
how to share solutions in a way they won't get uploaded
any materials on fractional/quotient languages?
what's a good example of a static factory method returning instances of subclasses?
looking for a blog article on the ui/ux design of an interactive coding interface like khan academy's
repl environment for teacher assignments
cs educators collaboration communities?
logo course scaffolding
concern over plagiarism in designing online course
are there any conventions for writing logic statements for combinations of logic gate functions?
what do you mean it’s plagiarism? it’s from the docs!”
what is a real-world (production-code) example of a function having default arguments?
cormen's "algorithms" pre-requisites
what are good, practical labs and activities for loops?
ways to do live polling (aka conceptests) during class
algorithm design challenges
how to advise change in a curriculum as a new teacher during the pandemic
history of educational programming languages
using autograding (github classroom) - pitfalls and best practices?
teach smart pointers to beginners with no knowlege of oop or templates analogy
number of preps for networking and programming courses
order of parameter / variables on stack in c
curriculum for a primary school learner
trying out the concepts of machine learning during teaching from home pandemic
introduction materials to the actor model?
is there any good specific pedagogy research to teach spreadsheets?
games for teaching html
how to use css diner to teach beginners in css
have databases disappeared at gcse?
simple use case for self-modifying programs analogy
reduce snap!'s features
how necessary is uml for a course in object programming patterns?
services-centered design
do you know online courses with haskell for theory of computation?
how many of "the seven laws of teaching" are still relevant for teaching computer science today?
first programming language : c or python?
why might be the benefits of teaching data structure course in python?
open source mentoring programmes for formal education
decorators in python
cobol programmers
mern - which textbook to use?
growth of early cs students
resources for flowchart programming for young, new programmers?
divide and conquer for subset sum problem
greedy algorithm approach real world
free online ai/ml demos for grade 8-10 students
real world examples for the difference between null and zero?
adding ms excel in curriculum for highschool students
is there a free to use validated computer science concept inventory?
good resources to teach natural language processing
reduce grading & improve assignments
which websites provide real-time updated jupyter notebooks for python teaching?
example of amortized analysis of algorithms rather than data structures
recommended cs books for high school
what is a good textbook for teaching web programming?
do any computer engineering programs have a required digital logic course that comes before the first course in programming
perspective on assignments
teaching algorithmic thinking without a programming language
finding "filler" projects for students
what are the real-life use cases for for fractional/quotient regular languages?
object oriented software engineering project
help identifying a '90s cyoa-style book with basic code listings
graph / tree visualization software
for and while loops examples for 12-13 years old class
how to respond to the two-handed approach to swapping
advise needed: gamedev course outline
driven to abstraction
any technology for full body video with slides in zoom pandemic
grading programming exercises: the quality vs. originality paradox
do you include coding assignments in an intro to complexity and computation course?
what sort of programming assignments do you give in an fp course?
why are block graphics being taught? (either "instead of ncurses" or "at all")
apcsa 2015 q3, grading criteria
what effect will ai tools like codex and copilot have on teaching programming (and admissions)
multithreading in programming modules
python code sharing forum
if a program does not compile, should it get a mark of zero?
is the choice of the first programming language relevant?
what are some suitable persistence services for storing programming tasks?
can we do anything to help cs students from 3rd world under developed countries?
to introduce quantum computing, what metaphors/actual examples of 2-state systems work for teaching, and what misconceptions might they introduce?
first time teaching 6th & 7th grade computer science
searching for algorithms using array, stack, queue, list or no data structure solving interesting problems
teaching ideas for string algorithm?
feedback: mobile development course outline
are there some strategies to automatically generate assessment questions and answers?
seek for textbook suggestions of introductory software engineering
software for runnable algorithmic organigrams
sourcing pc parts for a hands-on workshop
why visual program design?
why do we want small-o and small-omega?
what are ahaslides.com alternatives for interactive polls during a lecture?
how to design an assignment on applications of formal verification?
what is a motivating example for a cyclic linked list?
what is an example of class inheritance in every-day life which is easy to write in an object-oriented language?
computer literacy textbook for first years students in higher education
how can i teach socket programming?
parent class variable pointing to child class
is github copilot constantly training on private data?
how can i unit test a class in a .cs file that is uploaded or otherwise provided to me?
when people program with guis in a go-to type fashion?
what are some teaching examples for a lesson on off-by-one errors which do not involve a for-loop or array indexing in real world?
what is a real-world example of a for-loop?
what is a real world musical application of linked lists?
good example for a live optimisation exercise
designing of code kata focused on _deleting_ code as a primary goal
a video lecture series which explains the modern linux memory management subsystem in detail with code walk through
style guide for short comments?
simulator or game to teach operating system principles
how to teach godel's incompleteness theorems?
where can i find some artistically drawn tables demonstrating how a string of text can be stored in ascii encoding?
the answers to "why are there so many programming languages?" for high school students, not too pedantic
should a student be allowed to try to answer a question only a few times?
how do i get students to look at course materials, rather than google?
how do i use a playground to clone and modify demos from a github repo?
how to teach algorithm performances can be measured as o(f)o(f)?
seeking effective examples to teach oop concepts beyond common analogies
what strategies can be implemented to prevent students from cheating while completing online assignments?
how long would it take an average theoretical computer scientist to learn python to prepare for learning machine learning?
moss flags boilerplate code as similar in some pairs but not flagged in other pairs
best beginner language for a basic course
resources/material for developing a course on assembly programming
how would you explain to a layman what the parser (the part of the compiler or intepreter) is?
automating grading of projects with oop and unit tests, but without imposing rigid design requirements
how to prevent students from using ai?
immediate feedback in gradescope, without gaming
using ides with built-in ai code assistance for introductory courses
what are the ideal textbooks and other resources to use when teaching internet of things to undergraduates?
how important is relational algebra in 2024?
how is this possible - code submission with multiple syntax errors, but otherwise works?
didactic tool to play with deterministic and nondeterministic finite automata
equivalent of pisa study for standardised assessment of skills on computational thinking and programming?
how can i integrate teaching source code control (git/mercurial/etc) into my introductory cs class?
how to deal with students that don't like cs?
how can we educators improve a lot of the negative behavior within the cs community
encourage students to learn and use advanced design
objects lab before inheritance and polymorphism
cheating on labs
analogy for teaching recursion
what are pre-requisites for teaching version control to a high school cs class?
do automatic style hints help students to understand the language they're learning?
how to raise students' security awareness in programming?
what to consider when choosing version of python?
in a course about turing machines, how many questions like "construct a turing machine that does x" should i include?
should i have written tests on basic programming skills?
best practices / effective strategies for building diversity in high school cs programs
what qualities should be considered when designing a front end project?
what can snap! do that scratch cannot?
database theory (normalization) for beginners (adult education, ms access)
how to teach the importance of indentation
how to explain to people the importance of algorithms in computer programming?
command-line java in ap cs a
programming languages specifically designed for beginners
how can i maintain interest in front end?
presenting mapping reducibility (for p vs np)
what are the merits of including the history of computers in the entry level curriculum?
do i need prolog to teach logic concepts?
teaching students to hunt for and debug their own errors
lesson idea: arrays, pointers, and syntactic sugar
self guided learning about audio processing
introducing a* search algorithm
are userscripts a good teaching tool?
effectiveness of parsons problems
how to illustrate scope problem when creating variables inside `if` statements in java
final exam advice
what program follows "hello, world"?
assessing programming skills of students under 18 years
what are good sample programs for learning to use a debugger?
in-class server access limits
basic oop practice exercises for inheritance and polymorphism
most beneficial codingbat problems for ap cs a frqs
teaching coding paradigms and concepts with specific context
how can i show the value of best practices?
good beginning assembly language for teaching about stack function calls
scope and sequence for raspberry pi course
what are good projects for metaprogramming?
what are good/bad topics for a non-major cs0 course?
learning about the blockchain
how to teach which loop should be used
explaining how an interface is a contract
teaching with just a single makey makey and sphero
what is a good analogy for pass by value vs by reference?
how can i set up eclipse/egit/github in a way that is easy for students?
motivating examples for switch/case in java
how can i explain lambda calculus to my class?
integrating graph theory into ap cs a
how to explain lambda expressions
how to bring attention to computational complexity?
introducing the mvc pattern along with javafx
pseudocode or flowcharts?
intuitive example of an np problem
how is your teaching affected by how you learned?
explaining pointers to highschoolers
principles of solid in oop using analogy
what are some good examples of using a stack data structure?
how do i convince my students that visual programming is real programming?
how to overcome the tdd/bdd time fallacy
can sharing learning stats be beneficial to guide beginner students?
transition from java to python
a quick ruby crash course
how to teach a flipped course based on the ai mooc?
demonstrating the possible dangers of sql injection
curriculum choice for ap computer science principles
talking about new/active subfields of cs to inspire students
how to supplement khan academy
how can i automate the grading of programming assignments?
how to teach competitive programming?
how to integrate cs when learning about dna/rna/protein
how to communicate expectations around "rabbit holes"?
where can a student independently learn elementary recursion, preferably in java?
what are effective ways to prepare students for the ap cs principles exam?
how do i approach teaching python to 12-year-olds as a first-time teacher?
how do you make your cs lectures more interesting?
how to document the developed work using an agile methodology?
explaining how the internet and the world wide web work
uses of selection in programming (if, switch etc) with examples
what are good models for a tutorial system for lagging cs students?
working on practical projects as a team - good or bad?
evaluating resources for teaching myself reinforcement learning
cs-oriented ice-breaker games
jargon/vocab about variables--- yes or no?
why would mutation be considered by some as a difficult concept to grasp?
how can i make database normalization more clear?
ideas for introducing databases to android development students
teaching syntactic sugar
how to teach algorithms: implementation or application?
lab ideas for information theory
what can the instructor do to overcome the authenticity bias in students?
differentiating inclusive from exclusive or
dealing with students who are underly-motivated
curricular support for a cyberpatriot club
teaching when to use myblocks
how to convey how much computing power has grown since the 1960s?
books that summarize pedagogical research within our field
learning fundamental differences between functional programming and object oriented programming
strategies for self-learners to transition into working on larger projects
good, motivating examples for algorithmic complexity
what hardware can i use when teaching compiler language and assembly code
what are some examples that could be used when teaching subroutines or methods in the context of oo?
students can solve programming exercises but not explain their solutions. what to do?
how to effectively teach strings and string literal constants?
how to teach stack overflow more efficiently?
introduction to programming class: use spreadsheets to introduce fundamentals
course for the more practical aspects of software development
teaching a blind high school student
how to teach beginning students how to find and fix syntax errors?
helping students adjust to using industrial-strength ides
does teaching an intro course with a functional language really help level the playing field?
one lecture on vcs: what needs to be covered?
mini-projects that can be covered in an 1 hour haskell tutorial
functional programming - using f sharp
teaching information security to students without basic it knowledge
scheme - which implementation to use for teaching
how to motivate game design/development students to do more than the minimum on homework
what does a certification program for cs high school teachers need to include?
teaching interaction design to potentially disinterested students
is there any value in teaching goto statement or flowcharts?
example for for vs while loop (in java)
teaching students that printf() is not the same as return using analogy
is it bad to introduce language features in ways that are different than they will be used in practice?
looking for software that would enable me to cast a screen over lan
what resources would you recommend for k-5 computer systems concept of the csta k-12 standards?
is there independent evidence that physical computing improves engagement
how to handle objections to the wording of test questions or answers?
answering student questions as they work outside class
how to keep students heads from exploding from complex, interconnected topics
peanut butter and jelly ending
real world example application built with python and javascript?
encouraging critical thinking on programs before students write them
easy on-boarding for grad students to lead outreach?
could physical (i.e. lego) models help teach cs?
is there some meaningful percentage of students who can't learn to program?
encourging growth mindset, in computing lesson
make it easier, and quicker to get to the start
what is the pedagogical value of conway's game of life?
teaching intermediate java to students familiar with c with analogy
clear example of the object-relational mismatch
teaching nfas after dfas
engagement advice on creative computing
search for a useful interactive programming environment
explaining the value of knowledge of digital logic
agile / scrum course structure: downsides? resources?
"franklin" method for learning good programming?
resource recommendations for teaching oop via a practice-oriented example real world example
quick and easy intro to computer science for kids for an engineering field day
enjoyable and\or fun way to explain cmake
what is a (simple definition of) a development environment? using analogy
teaching c++ to students that know java
using oracle's java documentation as a teaching tool
teaching zip and range in python 3
merits of teaching vcs as enrichment
programming language for teenagers
using questions from a code-competition website in homework and exams
how to explain the concept of a variable to a 9-year old?
is there any pedagogically motivated reason to teach quadratic probing?
how to teach image processing and computer graphics to a blind student?
order to teach looping constructs in a non ideal language
how to start an objects-first course
is there evidence of differences in the outcomes of objects-early vs objects-late?
what notation for teaching boolean logic?
how widespread is the use of the pep/8 assembly simulator in education?
explaining to students why to use double instead of float (unless there's a very good reason)
boolean logic: how to explain + as or?
app lab/js confusion between strings and variables
nodejs and javascript libraries are overwhelming students
how do you teach something when you don't know it yourself?
how to help students comprehend the html document flow?
how effective is "rosetta code" as a teaching technique?
an exercise in utility
for a beginner, is it better to start with c or a higher level language?
resources for the praxis cs test
constructing a curriculum from multiple resources for complex subjects
how to teach sums and asymptotics to students who don’t know limits
research into the use of symbol names, in programming, and how it affects learning
how to teach a person to enjoy programming?
how can we best inform potential students of the nature of cs?
what physical / unplugged examples can i use for public key/asymmetric encryption?
what are the pedagogical methods for teaching programming?
how can chatbots be useful in cs education?
how important is it that i know all of the words for the technical terms when mentoring in my second language?
teacher community - using cs50 for ap
why are pointers a key topic in a cs curriculum and oft cited as something people don't get?
why do we count starting from zero?
how to convince students that self learning is an important skill?
how to give students practice with streaming computation?
methods for engaging students when teaching unpopular or unfashionable topics
python function has access to global variables, and doesn't need passed arguments
mental model of type conformance/subtype polymorphism
explaining why arrays are important for statisticians
exercise or example to reinforce idea of functions?
teaching binary to 6-8 year olds
improve motivation in the final part of a project based course
making induction meaningful
how can i set up and deliver a computer hardware course for the first time?
do you know of a complete textbook for teaching databases?
any simple python gui projects for beginner/novice programming students?
quizzes after lectures
what's a good unit testing assignment for android?
using online courses instead of / in addition to traditional lecturing
examples of innocent looking faulty code for shock effect
how do you teach theory of automata / formal language theory / computation complexity?
teaching revision (change) control systems in high school cs classes
what teaching techniques can be used, in teaching students from a medical background, to improve their programming?
pedagogical issues with stack implementation
ap computer science principles and unity
should an educator define terms rigorously?
how to make students confident enough to stop copying each other's code assignment?
is it a good idea to teach algorithm courses using pseudocode instead of a real programming language?
are there any resources out there to continue developing my students' programming skills after code combat
recent graduate becomes a teacher
is it easy for professors to get academic versions of software from ibm?
how can we determine which students are a good fit for an educational program?
framework vs vanilla js for students
why teach c using scanf without talking about command line arguments?
what is the closest pair problem useful for?
open source training
methods early in java - before objects
teaching data structures with c++: should i go with smart instead of raw pointers?
teaching past the "symbology" of a language
fun way to teach algorithms
what are some non-cs concepts that can be defined using bnf notation?
students' confusion over c structure members and structure variables
undergraduate computer science projects real life
how might i structure an assignment with two "levels"?
how to construct non computer-based, paper parsons problem unplugged
languages class in high school
how do you teach when your students have wildly different backgrounds?
is there a free platform to host coding challenges within a class?
debugging a submission that works well on student's computer but not on my computer
what do programming novices need to know when using matlab?
looking for a simple, offline, portable, lightweight ide for c++ with a compiler and debugger
what language best prepares a high school student for a stem undergraduate major?
how do i teach problem solving and logical thinking to students of age group 12-18yrs through online session
are there any recommended tools for teaching syntax and grammar of programming languages?
teaching an absolute beginners class operating systems with rust
is there a java library for testing command line applications?
any good resource for introducing kids to programming using python's turtle graphics?
grading source code in an online environment
kanban materials
looking for a text book on object-oriented concepts and programming
ways to imagine a computer program for a student without photographic visualisation
what would be a good project for teaching big program concepts?
how useful is english (pseudocode and documentation) in aiding understanding?
feedback request: an assignment on programming a research paper
alternative to piazza for online q&a
why is computer science hard?
teaching (2,3) and avl trees: information in internal nodes or in external nodes?
subtopics to cover within karnaugh maps
realistic task for teaching bit operations
common questions students may ask when they learn oop?
what are some fun projects for non-cs majors?
how should parsons problems be graded?
is cyber-security e-safety or not
computer graphics textbook recommendations
resource recommendation for teaching the command line, file system for high school student
sources on the topic source code security/authenticity
what are some good conditional branching excercise scenarios?
how to decide which methods are responsibility of which classes
regarding state diagrams - (different levels)
how to teach programming to underprivilege kids who are not having access to laptop?
teaching with changing dependencies
practical assignments hardware/server projects
what to tell students that plagiarised their programming assignment?
problems with students stuck in web-browser and what to do about it
ml andrew ng course as practical university course
what things aren't obvious about reading documentation? how can i explain to others how to do it?
how to teach algorithms in an interactive way
redesigning a c++ course
accounting and potential methods in amortized analysis
what is the technology (or combination of technologies) one would use to create slides, animations and live coding for lectures?
how to approach students who submit their work which consists of frowned upon tools?
are there any tools for embedding editable code samples in canvas?
private tutoring middle school and high school students: most common requests
the algebraic aspect of computation, or how to make them understand the usefulness and the meaning of variables
unplugged project idea
book / course teaching basic logic circuits via minecraft redstone to a young target demographic
how does the ability to solve a new problem come to a person?
is there an online drag-and-drop interactive sort simulator?
theory of computing project topics
resource for short jquery additions to websites
any experience/resources on teaching computer science theory with a practical approach?
teaching state transition diagrams to visually impaired (blind) students
big data analytics for policy making with no math inside
non-native english speakers struggle to come up with decent variable names and function names
what informal description might help beginning students understand python's `str.strip()` method?
how would you define the word "render" in the vocabulary list, or define "render" for a text/exam, for a course on computer science?
use codewars in class
how to teach hardware-software integration to new developers?
when teaching java, should i teach try-catch from the outset?
coding exercises that test memory safety
teaching a coding language in an interactive way for a school club
teaching javascript functions
reference request: study on the connection between abstraction/theory abilities and software engineering skills
examples of very easy approximation algorithms
introduction to product type: motivation and examples
navigating new challenges in cs education (ai, covid, motivations, grades, exercices...)
how to present data structure concepts effectively to a blind student?
are junit or testng simple enough for undergraduates to apply in a matter of weeks? what alternative?
in teaching introductory databases to graduates and undergraduates how would you differentiate in exams/assignments?
hands-on task to demystifying ai for high schooler
uncomputability and uncountability
teaching induction to prove the correctness of algorithms
should the first programming/algorithms class be taught in pseudo-code?
how can i convey the idea of a programming language vs. a markup language?
when teaching web development, should server or client side come first?
recommended ide for teaching web development to beginners
what are effective approaches for teaching dynamic programming?
should i teach modern web development in an introductory programming course? how?
scheme vs haskell for introducing functional programming
how do you structure broad, open-ended, freely chosen projects so that students use class time wisely?
what makes imperative programming easier or harder to learn?
assignments for introductory level processing
teaching loop invariant choice
how to respond when students ask "is recursion good practice"?
analogy for abstract classes
how can i help my students to think algorithmically?
benefits of explaining low-level architecture in a programming class
introducing image processing - should i teach the math
how to stress the importance of testing code?
unit review for boolean algebra
review of information theory lab
how do i teach git to a teenager
how to teach students to work with multiple layers of abstraction?
effective ways of teaching regex to students who know java
breaking down the operations when auto-casting gets complex
how can i determine if a student would enjoy or has an aptitude for cs?
how to explain combinatorical principles like the rule of product to students who "just don't get it"?
how to answer "functional programming is useless"?
linq to sql alternative c# visual studio 2017 mvc
best practices for introductory teaching
teaching c#, java, etc. to students who are bad at oop
minecraft to teach programming?
introducing file systems to students who really don't understand
is it a good idea to have students see syntax much earlier than they write it themselves?
gifted student presentations
how do i convince students to use boolean algebra?
teaching students how to construct regular expressions (and other "translation" style problems)
conflicting meaning, between exam board / teaching resources, and technical meaning
reducing bias, from lesson that improves, as taught to a number of classes
how do you teach big o to high schoolers with varying degrees of math exposure?
use of programming aptitude test in cs program admission
difficulty of algorithms homework problems
first project in my second year data structures intro
why some students think that programming is difficult and hard to learn, how i convince my students that programming is not difficult as they think?
students seem to be unable to use code to express their ideas. is the teaching methodology improvable?
how to motivate student that programming will give bright future to them?
physical activity for objects
tools for running classes remotely
training students to give better feedback, when remote teaching due to pandemic
student not understanding explanation the 1st, 2nd... and 8th time
first time learning non-linear data structures
object patterns student presentation format
how can i incentivize students to test their applications with end users?
is there an array-like data type in java that can cope with generic types better than the built-in array?
ideas for exercise in parsing and compilers?
how can i teach functional programming and verification
how does one create a balanced ai curriculum in light of the popularity of deep learning?

