How should I deal well-known versus the obvious rubric?
The Undergraduate Responsibility Gradient
Reason behind the dominance of particular countries in the IMO (International Mathematical Olympiad)
Solvability of Systems of Diophantine Equations using Modular Reasoning
Looking for examples from the MCMC family of ideas
Good Textbook for combined Beginning and Intermediate Algebra Course
"Sigma Notation" vs. "Summation Notation"
Transitioning from 'Read textbook to learn' to 'Read original paper/Read paragraphs of textbooks'
Names for laws involving implication and/or exponentiation
Are the following topics usually in an introductory Complex Analysis class: Julia sets, Fatou sets, Mandelbrot set, etc?
Resources for Inquiry-based Projects with Undergraduates
How to invite humanities students to study mathematics?
"A" or "The" Cartesian plane?
Number theory for self-study students: books and computer languages
Finding the correct mathematics based on application as opposed to the other way around?
Applying inverse trigonometric functions
Using Substitution in place of the balance model
How does a student learn to 'dig behind the scenes' or 'feel' math like a Fields Medallist?
Mathematical difficulty
Differential equations - definitions
Proper ordering of phrase "multiplied by"
topics for an undergraduate Math seminar
Requirements to learn calculus
Is it too late for me to start learning mathematics?
Should I teach a subject I don't like?
Animation of graphing a function
Why are calculators not allowed in post-secondary exams?
Best way to find out what math topics a person struggles with when tutoring
Motivation in School
What is currently called geometry in high school?
How are students messing up in this Khan Academy surface area problem? (right triangular prism: 3-4-5 triangular base, height of 11)
Project Based Learning (PBL) ideas for secondary math topics
Which mental model, Webb's DoK, CCSM's Aspects of Rigor, or Bloom's Taxonomy, is most useful?
I'm worried that my struggles with calc 2 mean I won't be able to become a professor later
How to teach to draw graphs of quadratic equations without knowing calculus?
"Good" and "Bad" student intuitions when teaching and learning mathematics
Student Conjectures without Oracular Professor
What is the pedagogical justification and history for using mnemonics to teach order of operations?
Teaching new stats students confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, and other general techniques for inference
How does Project Euler come up with such good problems so rapidly?
Why do some of my, usually international/Indian students, write limits to the left of the integral?
What are the "best" groups to use as examples while learning new concepts in algebra?
What are some strategies to remedy and accommodate dysgraphia?
Erasing students' work - etiquette/guidelines?
Greatest common divisor applications
Literature on student understanding of assumptions
What specifically should I include to my self study notes?
How to catch students from different subjects' interest to math?
Moving from discrete probability distributions to continuous ones
Tips for Teaching Math in a Language Foreign to the Teacher
Tutoring a recalcitrant/awkward/exasperating student---special needs?
Grating mathematical phrases---How to correct?
Styles of visualization in geometry
Workshop about ODEs and connected rates of change (A-levels)
calculus without analytic geometry
Has anybody used Mathematics in Civilization by Resnikoff and Wells or Journey through Genius by Dunham for a history of math class?
Where can I find a comparison of mathematical subjects taught for primary and secondary school around the world?
How to engage low-level students?
Do electronic calculators inhibit mathematical thinking?
Mindless use of "antisimplifications" such as 1/x+1/y=(x+y)/xy1/x+1/y=(x+y)/xy and 1/2–?=2–?/2
Looking for a "Stable" College Algebra Textbook
Good Examples of Questions to have Students Ponder Over Without Paper
Notebook software for exploring integral approximation with finite sums?
How to respond to “solve this equation” in a basic algebra class
Resources for undergraduate knot theory
How should I introduce the concept of a function to a precalculus student?
Introducing the concept of variables to kids using analogy
Common misconceptions in high school probability curriculum
How to best explain that the sum of conditional probabilities still sum to 1
how to prove my 6th grade son knows algebra 1?
What should I learn after calculus?
What is most motivating way to introduce Fermat's Little Theorem
How to introduce Wilson's Theorem?
Apply the inverse operation on both sides, or know the inverse function?
How many secondary-school students are working on achieving independent understanding?
Calling on students by name (who do not volunteer) in math classes
Why are percentages part of the curriculum?
Is it a good idea to have one or two or three classes on basic logic before teaching ??-?? in Calculus?
Memorizing Trig Identities
Examples showing necessity and advantage of emperical definition of probability
Question about the process of creation of problems and exercises in Mathematics
How can I explain ratio problems without talking about ratio?
Do "gateway tests" work?
Is there a simple real-world problem I can use to motivate a formula for ?i=1ni?i=1ni?
Calculus 3 Teaching Demonstration for Community College Teaching Position
Standardized Exam for Statistics?
What is the mathematical value of children learning and being tested on Roman numerals?
Is it better to study in groups or by yourself?
Is 'estimating' still considered a valuable skill?
Wording VS mathematical notations
Addressing fundamental math errors
What is the name of this discipline in mathematics education?
How to keep passion in students?
How to retain the key points of an exercise?
How to teach mass center for young people
Which calculus textbook is aligned the most with the CollegeBoard course description?
What's the best way to explain multivariable limit problems to students who are not familiar with ?????? proofs?
Constructive refutation of student misconception
Trig Tables and Right Triangles
What is the difference between "numeracy" and "number sense"?
Difference between whole numbers and decimal numbers
How can I deal with the time pressure of teaching a short course?
Inspirational Mathematics Books for Teenager
How to improve atmosphere in male-dominated courses
How can I improve my problem solving/critical thinking skills and learn higher math?
Is induction or recursion easier to understand?
Arguments against multiplication by 'stacking'
Multiplying two decimals using (camouflaged) binary representation
What do the Common Core Standards expect secondary students to learn about logarithms or the number ee?
Why should kids learn how to use a compass and straightedge, and not rely on a drawing program?
Textbook search: learning the math required to read the newspaper
Can mathematics be learned by ONLY solving problems?
Online course for Algebra II
what is the standard subdivision or classification of calculus related rates problems?
What are good solar eclipse questions/projects for students?
Need scientific source to prove the difference between arithmetics/calculus and real mathematical skills
Source for analysis of identification of structures in learner's mind and mathematical structures?
How much credit to give a short exam question with one error?
Chat software for "online office hours"
What is the ULTIMATE Calculus syllabus
How much credit for a single arithmetic mistake?
Problem "seeing" the perimeter of a figure
Easy and good book on combinatorial problems
Is it to the students' advantage to learn the language of infinitesimals?
When are arithmetic operator priorities typically taught in school, in relation to computer programming?
Learning operator priorities by drawing trees
How can I convince my brightest student of Cantor's theory?
Can number theory help me create equations with nice solutions?
May we permit identities to be established by equivalent equations?
Surrounding a subject and strangling it to death versus concentrating on the main point
Are there any tips for studying an MSc Pure Mathematics online?
Does solving crosswords help with recall of definitions?
Math for Social justice curriculum
The Order in Which Arithmetic Operators are Taught
The use of software to formulate problems in multivariable calculus
Are there advantages to make students handwrite (instead of LaTeX typing) what they say in an oral exam?
Mathematics Self-Efficacy Questionnaire
Activities for biology undergraduates taking integral calculus
Drumming up interest in journal-problem-solving and competition prep
Studies into the effects of having fewer classes per term
Should I change my take-home exam policy because of one suspected cheater?
Quantifying arthmetical skill
What are the fundamentals of writing practice questions for early teen students?
Are document cameras widely used at college level?
Tutoring Mathematics at University
Is there a base-independent term for numbers written out with decimal/binary points?
Shanghai math -- what is it, and how good is it?
Teaching Completing the Square
How to effectively use colors on a whiteboard?
How to use these actions words for subtraction?
What is "subtract 4 from 3 times X" and why?
Why don't textbooks explain proofs' discovery?
A4 paper of notes in an exam
Is Calculus Necessary?
What's the word for addition and subtraction without borrowing or carrying over?
Functions, Domains, and Ranges in Precalculus
Definition of root of equation/expression
Simple real world examples that violate group axioms
Dealing with Resisting Students
Electronic devices to replace pencil and paper
Are Proficiency Strands Hierarchical?
Math Education Research Areas
As it is appears here, how many constants do you see in 2x3+y4=5–?2x3+y4=5?
What did math educators think about the transition to widespread classroom use of calculators?
Resources for high school teachers about APOS theory
How to teach a weak student?
Is there a resource that formally develops the topics of elementary algebra?
Why are m and b used in the slope-intercept equation of a line?
Interesting math lesson on integers, Euclid's Elements, polyhedra, prime numbers, non-Euclidean geometry, arithmetic functions or graphs
Learning Math like Euclid
Content for a two-quarter class on abstract algebra
Is MacLane and Birkoff's "Algebra" suitable today as either an undergraduate or graduate text in abstract algebra?
Is it possible for me to learn math if I cannot process information in an abstract way?
Can we explain to undergraduates how points make a line?
Terminology: degree of coefficient?
Recommendation for an introductory operations research book
How to become a good teacher in the classroom when first starting to teach?
Why do we teach even and odd functions?
Introduction of the power set as a collection of *labels* or *names* for subsets
Assigning TA hours: Professional software implementing Student-project allocation with preferences algorithms
Am I too formal teaching this middle school student?
Determining the first digit of the Quotient using hand long division efficiently?
How to explain how to get an end point of a segment from the other end point and it's midpoint?
Application of perpendicular lines real world
What science books would you recommend a curious middle school student to read at home?
Explaining genus to students
Can't use samsung tablet in class?
Why are fractions taught before negative numbers?
Software and techniques for creating short maths animation videos for kids
How to control for numerical factor in mathematics education research?
Continuous evaluation/Participation points
How can we focus students on the various data types in multivariable calculus?
What does the research say about direct instruction vs. student centered approaches
Course of action with 13 year old with weak sense of number and operations
Why bother calculating the inverse of 3 by 3 matrix?
How do you explain straightness to a 5-year-old?
The sequence of chapters
A question about Vector Analysis problems
Should we finish algebra before starting geometry?
Text book on real analysis for undergrad in statistics
When analytic form of derivatives is preferred over numerical form?
Advice for Community College Interview Statistics Demonstration
Using number theory instead geometry to introduce proof in Basic School?
How cheating on homework affects student questions
How About MCQs, True/False, and Fill-In-The-Blank Questions in Undergrad-Level Topology, Analysis, And Abstract Algebra Exams?
Monodromy examples for undergraduates
Looking for online abstract algebra courses making use of computer algebra systems
Extension activities in Algebra II
Examples of basic non-commutative rings
Is there any difference between saying that say ??3.14??3.14 and ?=3.14(2dp)?=3.14(2dp)?
Reference or term for connected sage-on-the-stage?
Without a constraint of time, is self-study with math textbooks better than college courses?
Alternative ways of thinking about the one-variable Riemann integral for elementary calculus,
How to teach multiplication between integers for the first time
Are there any good exercises on point-slope form of a linear equation by itself?
How can I get a better result making math videos with a tablet?
Unique steps leading to a non-unique answer
Book request: teaching proving and reasoning at an American university
Difficulty with word problem interpretation
Topology presentation for middle school
How to design multiple choice questions
Is it possible to have taken intro to proofs, calculus 3 and differential equations and still lack the ability to do proofs?
Sites/books with math problems for bright 5th graders
When discussing inverse functions, how can our notation and methods reinforce student understanding?
Why are hand waving arguments made in textbooks of undergraduate analysis and how should readers deal with them?
Tutoring Discrete Mathematics
How do you explain the whole integer and fractions subject to a kid in 6th grade?
How to teach abstract algebra for the first time?
How to explain Chinese remainder theorem?
Dissemination of mistakes in international texts such as the IGCSE
Writing Fractions "Correctly"
Ideas for a 2 weeks project focused in polynomial functions
Where can I find primary sources from the New Math movement in the 60s?
"Seeing" GCD and LCM in Word Problems
Stating identity is not the same as knowing value
Searching activities with "Find the error" strategy for learning maths
Why isn't the term *inequation* widely used in English?
Should basic exercises be solved before formulas are introduced?
Applications of notable points and lines of a triangle
Looking for a video about arithmetic disappearing in a few years
Motivation for Fibonacci: Bees
L'Hopital's Rule: Why do we need it?
Why teach reference angles?
How to teach sum of fractions to students?
Cognitive traps in very early set theory
Problem based learning (PBL) for pupils with educational difficulties
Material on tutoring university level math classes
"Personalized System of Instruction" (PSI) vs. "Individually Prescribed Instruction" (IPI)
What are the reasons for “math fear”?
Compare depth and scope of math syllabus between Malaysia's STPM, Gao Kao and A level
What is known about discrimination and difficulty in test questions?
Tasks that encourage argumentation
Odd or Even-Numbered Answers in Textbooks
Simple initial value problems - pros and cons of different methods
What's the age recomendation for my app?
Is the Nomenclature of Triangle Congruency Proofs Consistent?
What's the best technique to do math calculations in my head?
What is the required mathematical background of a US elementary school math teacher?
Deriving Jerk Equations without using Calculus
Teaching the proper syntax of “such that”
Strategies for learning proofs
Are students being adversely affected by cranks or trolls in online math forums?
Why do we teach estimation in Statistics and Mathematics?
Should I tell my students that math is hard for me?
what are some surprising result of math for a kid?
Phone app or webpage to link HS students to free math tutor?
Is there a class curriculum that studies the work of a mathematician?
Is Lax's Linear Algebra and its Applications comprehensive or idiosyncratic?
What to teach in a class of 45 minutes about the mean value theorem
Might it be helpful for students to have different symbols for subtraction (-) and negation ( _ )?
App to show exercises solved by students in real time
Resource to supplement to Euclid's Elements
Real-world Markov chains
Why is set theory not taught at the outset of math education?
What does math teach students who won't need university-level math, that Logic can't?
Online Accredited Mathematics Course
Cognitive demands of a mathematical task
Teaching undergraduates who expect a high-school-like learning environment
How to teach students the value of concrete counterexamples?
books to teach K-12 math/science via real-world approach?
How to teach a student algebra who misses too much previous knowledge?
How can a layperson learn to intuit exponential growth?
What can I teach a talented student who is enthusiastic about math?
Grading a limit problem
Experimental results about the variability of grades on a math exam
Making solutions to all problems freely available
Why is multiplication taught using cross notation at first?
How do I work in creating education standards?
Learning High School Geometry in Ten Days
What are the minimum criteria when checking homework for completion only?
Is "hat notation" for unit vectors commonly used in mathematics?
real world Situation involving the application of addition or subtraction of algebraic fraction
How should a student's inefficient calculation be pointed out?
How can I (failing Cambridge's BA Math) improve my grade to a 1st from a 3rd-class honours?
teach that 1010 not defined properly
Can some lovers of math truly never create something previously unseen?
Is there a study that proves that math proficients usually perform better in other subjects vs. people who perform shoddily in math?
How to convince the following probability problem to highschool student?
How to teach real analysis?
Could you recommend a book for studying calculus 1?
Is there any high school level summer program that teaches Analysis?
Framework for Compound Inequalities
Math topics that reward going beyond cookbook methods
How to write proofs on the board in the classroom
High School Math Course focused on Sports
Tips for choosing coordinates of three points such that the coordinates of the orthocenter are integers
Teacher resources on abacus for elementary school children
The Way We Teach Square Roots
Integration by substitution not using letter u
Ordered checklist for learning Mathematics for Data Science
Polymorphic functions in vector calculus
Adding one to numbers bigger than ten
Concentrations of Adult Math Phobia
Good Combination for Self Study for a Mathematical Novice
Should Measurement of Angles Using Degree (and perhaps Common Logarithm as well) be Avoided in Pre-Calculus?
How to write variables on the board, which are supposed to be italicised?
Why do no students know to change the limits of integration when doing substitutions?
What exactly does 'abstract' signify in a course like Harvard's Math 55 (Honors 1st yr)?
Books and worksheets on symmetry
What software tools allow an educator to display slides but also draw on the slides like MS Paint?
What explains why a student can learn philosophy well, but fail in abstract math?
How to teach calculus effectively to non-math (and noisy) students?
How much prior math should I review in teaching a graduate-level course?
Inability to work with an arbitrary mathematical object
Mathematics exam -- How to keep brain functioning through a four-hour exam?
Exponents with Negative Base; with or without Parentheses
Is the annual system still in vogue anywhere in Europe, North America, Australia, or East Asia? And what about the 2-year B.A. / B.Sc. degree?
Pedagogical advice/articles for graduate student teaching assistants
Which book to use concurrently with each of these mathematics texts?
Should college mathematics always be taught in such a way that real world applications are always included?
Interesting but very easy epsilon-delta problems?
To which degree should exams test intelligence vs mastery of the material
"Real world" examples of implicit functions
How to Write Steps of Solving Equations?
How to show (x?a)(x?a) is a factor of a polynomial p(x)p(x) if and only if p(a)=0p(a)=0 (without division)
Resources for precalculus applications
What is a recommend way to describe a negative number with large absolute value?
Why is polynomial factorization over the integers part of secondary school curricula?
How to teach Leibniz and Newton's notation
Resources on solving systems of polynomial equations in multivariable calculus setting
In what curricula are "rectangles" defined so as to exclude squares?
What's a replacement for "married couples" in combinatorics problems?
Shifting function graphs: writing vertical offset on the y-side?
Who actually uses ii, jj, kk for the standard unit vectors?
An application of the Cauchy criterion for undergraduates?
Helping students who make no effort to figure things out for themselves
How to correct a wrong mental picture of the limit?
Neat topics or problems to include in a probability class real world
Does education research support the idea that answer keys are bad?
When should the limit be introduced?
How would you introduce Frullani integral to students?
Introducing an axiomatic method to high-school students
Motivation for uniform continuity
What are the best places online where math educators can discuss their experience?
Resources for Teaching Logic to Primary School Children?
How to explain the concepts of limits and continuity to non-mathematical students
Regions in which "a×ba×b" is read aloud as "aa onto bb" rather than "aa times bb"
Algebra best practices for students
Project Based Learning or Applied Math involving modular arithmetics?
A student is cheating and I don't know how
Why define the names of quadrilaterals so that some categories (rhombus and rectangle) intersect and some (kite and trapezoid) are disjoint?
Computational Software for the whole curriculum and beyond
Are kindergartners supposed to be steered from squares being rectangles?
Would it be a good idea to provide students with Khan Academy links?
Make a matrix algebra course (1st university year) more "project-based"
What is the ideal teaching style for Calculus exercises only?
Effective computer lab layouts for a university math class
How to solve ax=bax=b?
implication vs equivalence when solving equations
Multidisciplinary problem
How to Teach Middle School Students to Read Square Roots?
Using tensegrity structure to teach high school math?
Teaching Calculus Less Formally
when should we teach basic complex algebra?
Comparison Tests in Calculus
Is there a way to report errors in K-12 textbooks?
Why aren't integral equations often taught "back to back" with differential equations?
What is the correct symbol to use for ending a counterexample?
Associate Degree in Mathematics
Why most people think that :(fg)?=f??g?(fg)?=f??g??
Why aren't Bayesian Networks and Variable Elimination introduced earlier?
Why do the stages of rigorousness have specific timestamps?
Teaching congruent triangles non-rigorously
Tricks to draw a typical triangle?
English book for math for (electrical) engineering similar to German "Higher Mathematics"
Drawing vs Constructing
Interesting settings for exponential growth or decay real world
Questions similar to Wason Selection Task
Mnemonics for some properties in mathematics
Effective Assessment that's Easy to Grade
Subtraction using Addition (Austrian Method), is it useful to learn this method instead of the usual "borrow" method?
How to build addition with sets?
Project with transformation geometry
Is higher-math pedagogy responding properly to Wolfram Alpha's existence?
How can I help a student who has a "wrong" kind of enthusiasm?
Ten options for multiple choices questions
What are some very concrete examples of statistical models to present to students?
Experiences with Venn diagrams as didactic tool for factors, GCD, LCM?
How can I introduce a speech about the Fibonacci sequence creativiely?
How to explain NP-hardness and NP-completeness to students
How students write their work, and learning outcomes
Textbooks explicitly showing the injections for the sum of sets
What to do if all students lack prerequisites?
Recommend a vector calculus textbook/resource with an algebraic geometry flavor
Should Euler's method be taught in calculus 1 courses?
Source material to study number theory?
Why don't textbooks foreground marginally generalized theorems?
Calculus via a constructivist approach
Timing of when Cayley-Hamilton theorem is taught in Linear Algebra
Reference request: undergraduate combinatorial topology
How to introduce trigonometric ratios (HS) through a cognitive model?
Ought color be used more in math?
Analogies or explanations for duality, at the college sophomore level
How to teach ordinary differential equations to good students?
How to resolve the new definition of subtraction and division seen in college algebra?
Intuition: 5 regular polyhedra, 6 regular 4-polytopes, and then 3 regular d-polytopes
Can or should students do research in standard major math courses
What tools are available for creating visual aids?
How to explain multiplying and dividing by fractions with real-world examples
Can y(n)y(n) be used as a way of representing higher order derivatives?
Middle / High School Math Teachers and LaTeX
Can I succeed in university math, if I loathe physics?
Ideas for high-school proof class?
What is the point of teaching variance?
Why teach absolute mean deviation?
What is a good hex board size for kids to learn on, playing short games?
Justifying the multi-variable chain rule to students
Adding irrelevant humorous questions to a quiz exam
Tables of primitives with indication of solution method
Limit of questions that a student should ask in class without upsetting professor?
Method of Showing Algebraic Work
"Basic ideas" as a concept in teaching maths?
Exposure to Algebra 2/Calculus Under Time Constraints
Teaching science and engineering students the field of inverse problems
How to deal with poor students who don't take notes?
Should students teach other students?
Targeted group game for 8 or 9 players
What made (abstract) algebra grow in relative importance?
How to get past the "mystique" of Maths
How was this maths educational video made?
Easy tool to draw stencils
Quizzes (with questions known in advance) instead of homework in a graduate mathematics class. Good Idea or Bad Idea? Pros and Cons?
Why bother completing the square to find the minimum/maximum of a quadratic function?
One course/subject, one class, two lecturers
Simple Number Theory Task
Supplemental text for undergraduate real analysis
Reference for study about good teachers in a US state
Simple, elegant ways to teach the idea of what functions are for the first time
Urn (containing colored balls) generator?
Teaching logic through "high school algebra"?
Small 'new things' to confront talented high-schoolers with
Why don’t all professors let students use notes, books, etc. on exams?
On fractions and the least common multiple
Should I describe the function x?f(x0)+f?(x0)(x?x0)x?f(x0)+f?(x0)(x?x0) as "linear" in a freshman calculus class?
Good real-life examples of transformations of function graphs
Trends in math education: Majors? Applied math? Statistics?
Learning math historically
Polar form before Cartesian form when introducing complex numbers
How to present the order of factors and summands for the usual multiplication procedure
What is the best term for "probability measure" in an undergrad introduction to probability course?
Should homework be graded in an undergraduate math course?
Encouraging students to learn probability
What is the value in creating distinguishing terminology between the xx, yy, and (x,y)(x,y) values of a possible point of extremum?
Online quiz with slightly different questions for each student
What is an intercept?
Integral calculus from the modern viewpoint
Is There Such Thing as Learning Disability in Math?
Why are proofs written in flowery language incomprehensible?
Should students be given partial scores when they gave an incomplete proof by contradiction?
What are standard (or good) textbooks for undergraduate graph theory?
Why emphasize moment generating function over characteristic function in a probability course?
Curriculum for self taught Maths degree
Evaluation and feedback using Optical Mark Recognition systems in secondary school
Books similar to "Teaching Developmentally", but for high school math
Downloadable MCQs on Mathematics
CoTeaching Elementary Linear Algebra
Is AP Calculus AB really necessary?
Has Benezet's teaching experiment ever been reproduced?
What is the best way to assign letter grades in a math class?
How To Help a Quiet Class
What is the preferred method of teaching "linear" differential equations today?
How can I make "complex" graphs that combine multiple functions with a software?
Recommend a website for creating geometric figures
Using an iPad to write on pdf slides
If I want to pursue theoretical mathematics, especially Category theory, do I ever need programming skill?
Should I go over examples straight from the textbook in Calculus lectures?
What are teachers' expectations on private tutoring in secondary education?
How to create educational linear algebra animations?
Pythagorean triples real examples
Is Calculus AB/BC a 'bad course?'
Would it be constructive to teach a whole course on how to evaluate certain hard integrals?
Good (natural) motivational examples for quadratic equations
Automatically creating homework worksheets from textbook problems
Motivation for polynomial long division
Undergraduate Math Seminar topic
Teaching math long distance
Harnessing misuse of equals sign
Is This Trick Helpful?
Geometry sample tests
Third Grade Question -- This makes no sense to me
How is it correct for a lecturer to prove and "explain" a proof while explicitly knowing students are not familiar with logic itself?
'Low-algebra' examples of induction
a theorem to simplify continuity in Stewart's calculus: early transcendentals
Can we solve math just by speaking and not using any other extra devices?
What is it called when terms disappear when reducing fractions?
Automated drilling sites with some specific problems
Examples (for beginners) of real functions which are not given by elementary formulae
How to correct visualization of mathematical expressions?
When to use row or column vectors in points and translations
Intro to Proof: if xx divides yy, then x?y
Math Everywhere Activities
Are there any studies evaluating the impact of the Mathematics Vision Project?
Teaching math by serving it as games with rules first, not intuition?
Is it feasible to expose undergraduates to a "map"-centric point of view early on?
Succinct description of situations where naively obvious is correct, but for far more complicated reasons?
Verifying Simple Expression Equivalence in a Spreadsheet
Why do we study Cantor Set?
Intuition for the mean for elementary school kids
Beyond cubic polynomials: Applications?
Hardware for real time streaming of writings and drawings
How to organize a "cheatsheet-making session" with students
Why do we state the antiderivative of secxsec?x as ln|secx+tanx|+Cln?|sec?x+tan?x|+C?
What to include in an "elevator pitch" for an undergraduate statistics class
Students understand during course but can't solve exam
why did common core remove so many topics from Algebra II?
How to explain the sample space of Monty Hall problem?
Iconic image to explain the fundamental theorem of calculus?
Are there standard questions for testing how an instructor grades calculus?
What are some suggestions fo teaching statistics concepts to struggling college students?
Flow diagrams and summarizing strategies in proof-computation courses: good or bad for learning? Unsuitable for Inquiry-based learning?
Using discrete examples in the beginning of integration
Don't these word problems seem designed to be confusing?
Integrating derivatives over functions problem
What does "Four selected students are not born in the same months" mean?
UK Secondary School - how advanced (or not) is level 5-8?
List of realistic extremum problems
Practical ways to check if a student has mastered a particular topic
How to help my tutoring students study between sessions
Formal linear combinations: motivating examples
Math Anxiety get in the way of my Graduate School, I want to continue PhD
More intermediate steps or check well-understanding
Is there a difference in the content taught at each university?
Is the constant term a coefficient?
What are tutoring strategies for students struggling in math?
I want to learn how things function and continue my life work of learning
"Always/Sometimes/Never" vs. "True/False" questions for mathematical reasoning
About the word "limit" used in calculus
Advice on Full Time Community College Math Instructor Position
Complex logarithm and C/2i?Z
Line Integral Motivation
How to explain angle hunting to students
How to help students understand/remember that x2=ax2=a has two solutions?
Is there any example of a "forwards/backwards" induction?
Open Rings-First Abstract Algebra Text
In what grade do kids (New York, US) learn common differences?
Presenting ways to find a resultant force
Making modular arithmetic interesting for school kids
Difference between high school and college calculus courses
Accessible written proof of the Nash Indifference Theorem (game theory)?
Fun classroom exercise for mental rotation
Algebra 2 textbooks that incorrectly claim that all solutions of polynomial equations can be found
Should young math students be taught an abstract concept of form?
Flipped introductory real analysis resources?
Making physical 3D models
How can I explain horizontal shifts to a 12-year-old by analogizing with your money=my money+1?
For what subjects and grade levels is the take-home exam suitable?
Better ways to explain mutually exclusiveness and dependency of events
How to explain fractions to 7 year old kid
A proof based Multivariable Calculus and Linear Algebra
Formats for Calculus instruction at different colleges and universities
Teaching methods to make a weak student good at math? (particularly student from social science background)
Mainstreaming math student
How to make a student not overlook easy mistakes such as the wrong sign
Multiple students writing yddxyddx rather than ddxyddxy -- why?
How to deal with "Why can't I just do ......" in real analysis?
Structure of math textbooks
Word for the dimension of the vector space in which a vector lives?
How to introduce group theory to a general audience in 15 minutes?
Is it a bad idea to use an old textbook such as Differential and integral calculus, with examples and applications for calculus course?
Topics in Mathematics for a 15 minute demonstration
The royal road to calculus
Why we don't normally teach chord, versine, coversine, haversine, exsecant, excosecant any more?
Duodecimal by Stealth
In teaching mathematics, should one always follow some international standards such as ISO 80000-2?
In which course should we teach solving general cubic and quartic equations?
What is a realistic situation that illustrates precisely what a p-value is?
A good example to show group actions and Burnside's lemma
"Indicated Arithmetic" or "Delayed Evaluation"
A system for students to fill in gaps throughout a math degree
At what point in the curriculum should the tensor product be introduced?
When self teaching, should I learn set theory before continuing ap calculus?
A Markov chain demonstration that doesn't require computers
Why are we even studying cyclotomic polynomials?
is it appropriate or beneficial to mention weird results in math?
Quadratic modeling project with upward-facing parabola example
Is there a place to buy physical models to demonstrate the Calculus shell, disk, and washer methods?
Could schools jump straight into teaching real numbers first then teaching fractions later?
Recommended list of things calculus students should be required to memorise?
Measure of Improvement in Math Skills from Remediation with ALEKS
How can I help a student who is constantly struggling in an honors Algebra II (high school) class
Is 180?=?180?=??
Desmos Assignment: Make a graph that does this
How to deal with students who object to me teaching material that won't be in the exam?
How can I measure the mathematical computation skills of high school students through a test?
Long-form, multi-step, skills-integrating applied mathematics problems in calculus I, II, III
Are there any negative consequences in applying operations/functions to a whole equality?
Could students learn a lot more from school if they're only taught number theory until way later?
Should theorems be proved to students who are not majoring in mathematics?
Tactile Learning Activities in Mathematics
Mathematics Research at Secondary Level (High school Level)
Motivate your answer vs. Prove your answer
Easy examples of visualizing passive transformations in the plane?
What effect does giving numerical or written grades have on learning?
Vector calculus texts that are free-as-in-speech?
Are students majoring in pure mathematics expected to know classical results in mathematics very well by their graduation?
Is there any alignment on what a maths grad should know?
Practical Implication for Correlation (Lay individual vs Scholarly Group)
Favorite datasets to use when teaching statistics
How to explain linear approximation to an equation to calculus students?
How to prepare for lecturing in a non-fluent foreign language?
How to balance the difficulty level and speed of lectures for students of very different levels?
Published papers for Intro Stat students to read
According to Nathan Jacobson, what is Intermediate Algebra and Advanced Algebra?
Is Linear Algebra Done Right too much for a beginner?
Which examples should we mention when teaching the concept of derivatives?
What is a good format of tutorial sessions?
Is it a problem if a senior student majoring in mathematics could not prove the quadratic formula?
What is the standard for "simplifying your answer"?
Book recommendations on mathematics education focusing on geometry
Analogy for nested loops/integrals
Is there a point at which it makes decidedly more sense to learn about a "linear approximation" to a function, rather than a "tangent"?
Calculus workbook suggestions
How to deal with a "protest" assignment?
Would teaching nonstandard calculus in an introduction calculus course make it easier to learn?
Activities for calc based physics
A question from a young student to mathematicians
The concept of infinity for a 5 year old
Why do standard geometry textbooks not start with trigonometry?
How does knowing more about mathematics help one's teaching of lower level course, such as calculus?
Studies about group tutoring sessions
Good textbooks for a college Basic Geometry course?
Difficulty in teaching the coordinates of a vector with respect to a basis {v1,v2,…,vn}
Teaching three-year-old subtraction using the number line
Geometry textbook with an abstract algebra emphasis
When Euclid was used as a textbook, what exercises did students do?
In a typical 3rd-semester multivariate calculus course in the US, what kind of area integrals do students actually learn to do?
Alternating group without Sn example
How to write slower on a blackboard?
Why do some students struggle so much with fractions?
A more rigorous approach to Precalculus
Midterm in Mathematics Courses
How to explain the motivation of parentheses in addition, subtraction and multiplication?
Math Lessons with Two Parts and a Combination
"Amplitude" of Tan and Cot functions
What software and technology could help this deaf and blind student do math?
When teaching someone how to prove a function is uniformly continuous, using epsilon/delta, which example would be among the simplest?
Are questions on overlapping solids of revolutions without prior definitions and instructions fair given that there are divided interpretations?
The terminology for an excluded solution
Learning proofs in introductory analysis courses
Vocabulary for giving just numbers, not a full answer
Analogy for multiplying modulo N
Real World use of the Function (sinx)x
What books properly address the properties of abab?
Group theory by geometry
Teaching a child time and hours in a digital world
How to explain what's wrong with this application of the chain rule?
Notation for change of basis matrix
Teaching indefinite integrals that require special-casing
Revision Lecture, what are the aims?
Physical devices for exploring calculus or pre-calculus
How to verbalize the correct statement of mixed units?
Could this visual explanation of horizontal shift be helpful ? ...( if not beautiful...)
Collaborative note taking
Where to find good exercises for term operations?
Missouri EOC and the best Geometry book
Which countries adopt metacognition in their official math curricula?
Where do students learn to solve polynomial equations these days?
Classical references on equation solving
How to explain to pupils that "n100n100 OF aa" is equivalent to "aa TIMES n100n100"?
How to motivate students to do proofs?
Integrated math curriculum in different countries
How is math taught in elementary school in Finland?
Future in mathematics
When should students stop receiving tutoring for mathematics?
Geogebra for Blind People
Could students be taught the concept of rational numbers the same way as in the Formal construction section of the Wikipedia article rational number?
Is the education system in Finland particularly good?
How to make students comfortable with the use of axiom of choice in analysis
Roadmap to studying PDEs for analyzing Quantum Physics better
Lower-division complex analysis textbook
Best practices in teaching math to future elementary teachers
Complex numbers and encourage justification
Why is it difficult to freely change between points and vectors?
Unconstrained/Constrained optimization real life example
why don't we do labs in/for math?
What should I say about elementary number theory?
What are some tips for framing a graph in the most readable, relevant, and aesthetic way, for secondary education mathematics?
Mathematical undergraduate education in Syria
What is the notation for polynomial long division in Norway?
Curriculum for Advanced 6th Graders
Why in the FOIL Method the terms are taken with their signs?
How to overcome the frustration in teaching and doing research at the same time
Explicit Cross Method
Is a clear distinction made between signs and operators?
Use of Lockhart's *Measurement* in a course?
What are some common ways students get confused about finding an inverse of a function?
How to formulate this type of arcsin problem?
Pros and cons of randomised question generation
Introducing derivative concept and definition
Naming arbitrary constants: subscripts, primes, or just more letters?
What is an interesting high-school level topic to discuss using Mathematica or Geogebra?
The art of designing of problem sets
Solutions to exercises
Are there textbooks that cover most etymological aspects of mathematics?
What books are good for drawing an intersecting plane?
Real-life exceptions to PEMDAS?
What are the benefits of an expertly curated learning pathway?
How to justify that students should come to class?
Is there a simple example that empirical evidence is misleading?
Category mistakes regarding symbols and their impact on math (mis) understanding. ( Object symbol/ sentence symbol confusion)
What are "PreK?12th?grade students"?
How to come up with a Leslie matrix with convenient eigenvalues?
Mobile phone apps that would allow for students to anonymously "buzz" me in real time?
How can I explain why numerical integration is easy, but symbolic integration is hard?
Resources for teaching calc III
Writing up a proof that assumes what is to be proven?
How many hours / school years does it take for the average child to memorize the 10×1010×10 addition and multiplication tables?
Online open-course-ware that uses Maclane's book "Algebra"
Scientific results on the usefulness of physical units in secondary education?
Propositional and predicate logic, with quantifiers: Is there any research when it is ideal to explicitly teach in mathematics education?
Different Kinds of Variables
Practical applications of integration by substitution where integrand is unknown
Are soroban (Japanese abacus) classes worth doing?
How important is making definitions plausible?
MacLane-Birkhoff's "Algebra" vs Jacobson's "Basic Algebra I,II" vs Lang's "Algebra"
Interpretation of how to define "bigger" and "smaller" real numbers
Ideas for the introduction of the derivative?
What's the point of exercises without answers?
How to intuitively convince the students that a strip with two full twists is homeomorphic to the standard annulus?
Corequisite remediation for "Mathematics for Future Elementary Teachers"
Student-friendly / efficient approach to computing Taylor coefficients of infinite binomial series expansions?
Non-US polynomial division notation
Enlighten younger students about the concept of "procedural justice" in mathematics?
Delivering mathematics lectures via tablet and projector
Gauging correspondence between classtime and material rate
What’s better: number bonds, or addition tables?
Inefficient methods
"Out of fashion" topics in degree level math
How to study for university level math olympiads and competitions?
Rhombuses, kites etc
Entry Test for Statistical/Data Science class
How to stay interested in less-tangible math
What’s a practical daily application of each times table?
Motivation vs. Rigor
Problems Without Posting Available Solutions
Examples of solving for unknowns using equivalence relations that are not equality, inequality, or boolean truth?
Should a math teacher know some computer algebra system "by heart"?
Why are the contents of contest maths so different from contents of degree-level maths?
How to make a mathematical dynamic graph?
Best Way to Learn Trigonometry
Introductory real analysis before or after introductory abstract algebra?
Examples of application problems of coordinate geometry in the complex plane?
How to help new students accept function notation
Forming a Study Model for a Self-Study Beginner
Is it a bad idea to offer variants of a final exam based on the type of allowed calculators?
Is there a more telling name for "Calculus 2"?
Software for validating answers from students
What is the most difficult concept to grasp in Calculus 1?
Adding things to bunches of things vs multiplication
Why is absolute value difficult?
Should school syllabus include chapters partially?
When (and why) did geometric means of more than two numbers exit the secondary curriculum?
Can we save the word "unique"?
Will there ever be a revision of Common Core?
The most transparent exposition of Bayes' Theorem
Graph theory teaching materials for young students
An alternative to "two column" geometry proofs
Is there research on the efficacy of taking good notes in math class?
Is there a pre-calculus introduction to the formal definition of a limit?
Finland's performance on international competitions
Studies on more simple problems, or fewer difficult problems?
Easy examples of correspondence between global and local, as preparation for Gauss's theorem and Stokes's theorem
How should students say in words the notation for a limit?
Why do you need to distinguish between apparently identical objects in probability?
A PEMDAS issue request for explanation
Retain problems and combat regression in learning
How to choose random student to answer questions?
A different symbol for the indefinite integral/antiderivative?
How to show 3(log2n)5<n???
The word "numeral", is it being taught and does the word exist for it in your language?
Can anyone recommend good software for verifying row reduction steps?
Pedagogical considerations behind current order of presentation of trigonometry
Asking students to define "unique"
Is "The Petersen Graph" by Holton and Sheehan a good text for graph-theory students? Any requisite knowledge for mastering the text?
Would a 1990's educated person need additional content knowledge to tutor high school mathematics today?
How to give my students a straightedge instead of a ruler
Are there any math journals or magazines with math problems for middle school or university?
Applied ODEs for Numerical Methods
High school maths textbook for talented students
Calculus book for basic calculus and repetition from videregående (Norwegian high school)
Instilling a Growth Mindset in a Student Diagnosed With Dyscalculia
How to improve mathematical skills(University level)?
Is Plane Trigonometry by S. L. Loney still good as a textbook today?
How important is knowledge of trig identities for use in Calculus
Is there a rigrous and relatively complete book/lecture notes for selfstudying several variable calculus?
Quote to show students don't have to fear making mistakes
How to explain that the sums of numerators over sums of denominators isn't the same as the mean of ratios?
Does anyone use the cubic formula these days?
(Riemann integrability) How do you explain this to a high school student?
tutorial active learning
Are there mathematical proof info-graphics?
(use of de L'Hospital's rule) How would you explain this limit to high school students?
How to explain even higher moments
How to teach sketching a parametric curve?
How helpful are university subject rankings when choosing a place to study math?
Examples for environmental topics in the context of terms or linear inequalities
Why is there an emphasis on analysis courses in undergrad progams?
Why is it popular to teach modulus via the example of mod 12 and analogue clocks?
What is the name of the form of the line equation y=m(x?x0)+y0
Examples of informal explanations that cause misconceptions
"Table" method for expanding brackets vs "each term in the first bracket gets multiplied by each term in the second bracket"
Is "Volume of Solids of Revolution" a part of Cal I or Cac II
How can I learn to write better questions to test for conceptual understanding?
Prisoner's dilemma formulation for children example
The propagation of the wave equation in even versus odd dimension
Symmetry in polar functions - how to explain
Take-Home Examination on Ordinary Differential Equations?
How do you attract more math majors at a liberal arts college math department?
In preparation for exams: question bank or questions with omitted particulars?
Exercise database
Explaining why (or whether) zero and one are prime, composite or neither to younger children
Which textbooks on College Algebra, Trigonometry, Pre-calculus, Calculus, Linear Algebra, ODE are written by world-class mathematicians?
Are there any textbooks on multivariable calculus that introduce all non-trivial definitions and all non-trivial proofs with a "first draft"?
Road map to teach undergrads a first course in real analysis that concludes with convergence of fourier series
Where can I find the partial order relation of prerequisites of undergraduate courses in the United States?
Teaching a student who refuses to learn
What kind of problem do you learn most from (hard problems or easy problems)?
The hardest case of integration by partial fractions
How to answer a three-year-old the question "Why is 2+62+6 the same as 4+44+4"?
Why is it possible to teach real numbers before even rigorously defining them?
The trick didn't like me (teaching Fourier transform)
Are degrees of polynomials illogically defined in elementary algebra, intermediate algebra and college algebra courses?
Should Euler's formula eix=cosx+isinxeix=cos?x+isin?x be seen as a definition rather than something to prove?
Favorite secondary math manipulatives?
Co-curricular lessons between geometry and chemistry?
Beautiful planar geometry theorems not encountered in high school
Introductory exercise for the addition of large natural numbers
Examples of Quadratic equations using complex math but with no imaginary roots
toys/manipulatives for exploring graph theory
Good Source for German Tank Problem
How to address opportunities for improvement with a teacher
Algorithmic thinking problems
What mathematics activities get students physically moving?
Suggested idea: Course exams written by someone else other than the instructors/coordinators. Good or Bad?
3D vectors with 3D glasses software
What do I study in calculus beyond the minimum required for undergraduate engineering?
How much math would a non-STEM major have studied in 1950?
An intuitive explanation of l'Hôpital's rule for ?/?
How should one approach the concept of "plus or minus", such as in the numerator of the quadratic formula?
Cinderella vs. GeoGebra
How to emulate erf and/or the Normal Inverse function in Moodle?
Should high school teachers say “real numbers” before teaching complex numbers?
Developing abductive (problem-solving) skills
How to (or should one) distinguish between lowercase and uppercase letters orally when lecturing?
Learn university maths or train for high school competitions: which is better?
How do I convince my teachers that a book on maths must focus on conceptual understanding?
How to teach linear programming and reductions?
Using video games as an introductory tool for game theory? Can video games illustrate game theoretic concepts?
Is this primarily a "rote computational trick" for multiplication by 9?
Resources for Learning Multiplication Facts
Should we stop differentiating between ln and log?
Cardinal vs. ordinal: When learned? When needed?
Redesigning college math courses and curriculum to be self-paced
Are there standard notations for 'number talks' / ‘math talks?'
Equality as "makes" vs equality as "equals"
How should I introduce the Chain Rule
How to convince parents that Mathematical puzzles/games help students in their academics too
Should we teach simple content quickly or slowly?
What is the quantitative data on effectiveness of "modern" teaching methods?
Misdirected, Side-Tracked, and Distorted Ramanujan: Problems in Basic Math Education?
Does anyone teach logarithms via slide rules?
Doing research projects when one's knowledge is limited: is it preferable?
Fun, impressive, or compelling examples of scaling of the standard deviation like 1/n???1/n?
How to teach year 3 undergraduate courses to high school students?
Is short division taught these days and if not, why not?
Lack of intuition, retention while self studying
Notation in the definition of matrix multiplication
Are there any more mathematical journals or websites with the "problems and solutions"?
How to read chained equalities out loud?
Is there a numerical base that is in any way “better” for simple mathematical calculations than others?
How to teach integrals motivated by the work done in moving an object?
Are there any proofs of Euler's Formula that do not rely on calculus?
Acceptability of creative questions in assessments
How is abab interpreted?
Teaching Calculus I to engineers
How much symbolic calculations before plugging in actual values?
EdX Courses for Self-Study
What math courses should I take in order to become a secondary math educator?
Combinatorial problems which can be solved with polynomials
Introducing quadric surfaces in high school
Algebra/trig/precalculus review questions that elicit common student errors
The term "unique" for functions and operations
How do I assimilate mathematical concept?
Measuring ones mathematics ability regularly - how to avoid getting better at the tests
Patterns that unexpectedly fall apart at large n
Why are a.e. defined functions rarely mentioned in elementary books?
Terminology for parts of limit notation
Is there a game or analogy for searching for a number RR that is multiple of some number AA but not multiple of another BB?
What does one full year of calculus mean?
Allowing nonstandard mathematical language and/or notation
Fear of 3-dimensions
Tips and References for a 15 days Course on Math
Reading old or ancient texts in mathematics
Adult Learners Returning to College Level Math
How to intuitively understand how the trig ratios are calculated
How do I show students the Beauty of Mathematics?
Undergraduate Vector Calculus Notation Mess
Why is learning mathematics compulsory?
Taxonomy of bad proofs
How do you plausibly explain that the geometric and the coordinate expressions for the scalar product are equivalent?
On a special degenerate conic
Scoring students' work is counter-productive
What is the controversial 8th grade algebra mentioned on this answer?
Has the equation log(x?10)=3+log(x?3)log?(x?10)=3+log?(x?3) a *substitutable* solution in RR?
Making epsilon-delta proofs not just precalculus
Confusing verbal descriptions of function transformations
Teaching Quantifiers Before Logical Connectives
Can we avoid confusion over using "let" as a quantifier?
How should I convince a student who thinks they proved 1=?1
Students writing f(x2+1)f(x2+1) when they probably mean f(x)=x2+1
What are strategies for teaching that the altitude of a right triangle creates two similar triangles?
Evaluating textbooks in math and physics
How to explain the "less than yearly compounded interest" concept?
Data on textbook adoptions in universities (math/science)
Should we stop teaching "interchange xx and yy" when finding the inverse function?
About the effectiveness of self-studying maths (compared with other subjects)
What would you recommend for the math thinking course for school?
How actually are prime numbers taught in elementary school in United States and how easily do students learn what they're being taught about them?
2D drawings of 3D objects in printed school textbooks: orthogonal or perspective?
A fun, one-day topic for a vector analysis course
How to motivate my ten year old math student
Proof that convergent Taylor Series converge to actual value of function
Online Whiteboard Application with Simple Latex Support
How shall we teach math online due to pandemic
Best resources for probability/statistics textbooks
How does a teacher come up with plausible wrong answers for multiple choice tests?
Mental/"Paper and Pencil" Arithmetic
Tablet whiteboard app w e-pencil
Most popular setups for recording video lectures for pandemic
How to evaluate students in a "do all you can" exercise?
Should we stop using traditional compass in schools & start/encourage adopting compasses like "Slide N Measure" or "Safe-T" compasses instead?
Is evaluating a Real Polynomial at a Complex Value a suitable task for Precalculus students?
Topics for undergraduate seminar for mathematics educators
How to conduct online testing for Calculus due to pandemic
Math circles while under quarantine pandemic
A Question about Theodore Frankel's "The Geometry of Physics"
help thinking of conceptual or open-ended Intro Algebra and Intermediate Algebra test questions pandemic
How much does it cost to develop an online course?
The Future of Worksheets - will they still be used or abandoned?
The spatial thinking course for primary school - what to use?
Online testing platform
What is the best way to intuitively explain the relationship between the derivative and the integral?
Ideas for explaining 4D and higher dimensions
How to define "axes with the same scale" in Secondary/High School?
IMO selection process in Pakistan
Are there any online question bank of mathematics questions?
Mathematics minor requirements
Resources for improving computational skills at the high school/university transition
When assigning a late penalty for assignments is that penalty subtracted from the total or does it reduce the score by that percentage
Multiple extra credit questions in a homework set
Different ways to multiply decimals
Textbooks for an independent study in point-set topology
Dolciani and Sorgenfrey textbook collaboration
Do you have an efficient way to view student responses to remote assignments allowing them to type math symbols and steps? (Middle + High school) pandemic
Has a List of Fundamental Mathematical Skills been compiled?
Do you teach different proofs or calculations of same question?
Are these assumptions in statistics correct or beneficial?
Courses equivalent to College Algebra in other countries?
Fundamental Ideas in Mathematics
Linguistic recursion issues while writing Mathematics textbooks for Basic School
Ideas and/or references for projects for a business calculus course
Geometrical interpretation of the identity lcm(a,b)gcf(a,b)=ab
For an online assignment application, should different versions of the same assignment be allowed to have different numbers of questions?
(How) Do American undergraduate math programs teach complex numbers?
What will my academic path look like after testing out of high school math classes?
What does it take to find a good math book for self study?
Fun set theory for kids
Introductory Analysis lecture slides
Does the "Find" in questions such as "Find the solution" imply the process of finding must be laid out?
Examples for "good" exponential growth versus linear growth
Interesting things you learned while grading?
Is there research to back up the claim that math classes help develop analytical skills?
Content for a 40-minute lecture on graph theory for high schoolers
Proof by contradiction - more than one case
How rigorous should high school calculus be?
Solving open problems through a misunderstanding
How do I track down the sources of solutions which students have used to cheat on exams?
Why do some linear algebra courses focus on matrices rather than linear maps?
"Feynman effect" in teaching mathematics
Is there a 'statistics theory' course plan for practitioners?
Is SQL relevant to statisticians' work?
Have there been attempts to base early math education on category theory?
Looking for a HIERARCHY of math subjects
Math 3d animation software
How to motivate an adolescent who has fallen behind in conceptual development?
Teaching Approach at primary, middle and higher level
Graphing program for conceptualizing calculus
What are some resources for "ungrading" in a math class?
Efficient methods to receive and grade online mathematics assessments due to pandemic?
Applications of unreducible fractions in Basic School
Refreshing math knowledge
Curriculum in USA vs. Canada
How must the "ungrading" idea be adapted to work in a math class?
What are other strategies for a 7 year old for addition and subtraction besides counting fingers?
Concrete way to teach addition and subtraction of fractions
self-reliance and psychology in learning math
Future way of learning mathematics (towards graduate level) due to pandemic
Better instruction for an identity equation worksheet
Textbook to study group theory as a part of Discrete Mathematics
Falling into the calculus trap
How, now, shall we teach math online due to pandemic
Workbooks for advanced high school math topics
Math Education for Students who use Right-to-Left Written Languages
What websites allow students to purchase solutions to problems?
Grad school after doing an online bachelor's degree without support for undergraduate research
Help finding good deep mathematics problems
What are the best practices for giving online tests due to pandemic?
What are some of the open problems that can be suitably introduced in a calculus course?
The use of "??" and "??"
English translation of Sung-Dae Hong's The Art of Mathematics
When do college students learn rigorous proofs?
Why is a translated exponential function considered an exponential function?
Ideal Features of Online Homework Platform?
How to get better at proofs
Logic and proofs in secondary school
Analogies for grad, div, curl, and Laplacian?
Is There Such Thing as Reaching Half a Standard?
How to naturally encounter the properties of identity, commutativity, associativity, and distributivity (to define rings)?
Reference Request: Suitability of a text and corresponding video lecture series request for "Matroid Theory"
Do you mention the continuity and the differentiability of the empty function
Would it make sense for math courses to be pass/fail?
What is "mastery" in a mathematical topic?
What are the resources to learn prerequisite knowledge to latter High school and undergrad prep textbooks?
What is a good place for teachers to share self-created content?
Good resources on matrix equations
How much more skilled in the topic should you be in order to teach the topic?
How do I learn advanced mathematics without forgetting?
Ramanujan results for middle school?
Research for Video Length for Math Videos
At what age are most children able to convert between rational fractions and decimals?
How can teachers warn students about common mistakes without causing the student to make the mistake?
Generating system of equations with unique solutions
Intuition or geometry for Partial Fractions
How can I introduce the idea of eigenvectors and matrix decompositions to a general audience in an engaging manner?
Appealing thinking games, that are easy to make; easy to learn, and easy to play
Introductory book or other resource on pp-adic numbers/number theory/analysis
Definitions of factors and terms
In single variable calculus, do you distinguish between critical and singular points?
Fear of notation and hazily-appeared writing in Mathematics
Do you know of any third-party online math-friendly testing software?
When evaluating the limit of f(x,y)f(x,y) as (x,y)(x,y) approaches (x0,y0)(x0,y0), should we consider only those (x,y)(x,y) in the domain of ff?
How do I select an appropriate math tutor?
Teaching aid for online mathematics course pandemic
What strategy for picking convergence tests for series do you teach?
Would the SMSG textbooks provide adequate extracurricular study?
Online Definition/Theorem Statement Quizzes due to pandemic
Transitioning proof based math courses online due to pandemic
How to structure undergraduate level private lessons?
If a computer could be programmed to do a math test, then should those tests be changed?
What topics are considered to be part of pre-algebra?
Sharing notes in an editable format?
What books are good to study Solid Mensuration?
Learning strategies for high volume/pace learning?
Best form for slide / beamer presentation: display items in a slide as they are discussed or all at once?
What are some of the struggles that come with teaching introductory formal logic?
Is there a study on how often modern teaching methods versus traditional methods are used in a math classes?
asynchronous teaching and requiring frequent email updates from students, and having these as the only part of their grade due to pandemic
How to layout a solution to a trig equation?
How do you explain concavity of a polynomial without any calculus?
What is a good way to teach Taylor expansion of multi-variable calculus?
How to word this exercise about converting "English" into interval notation?
Are there direct practical applications of differentiating natural logarithms?
Grading in a way that lets students have a good and formative experience
How to explain to undergraduate students what research means?
How to make maths explainer videos?
Future educators writing nonsense questions
Are books as old as J.E. Thompson's "for the practical man" series outdated?
Question formats for online tests, to deter cheating
Create a mathematical problem with randomized parameters
How much literature research should one do when designing a course?
How can I explain construction of the Bézout's identity to my kid?
Is there an arithmetic book similar to “Teach Your Child to Read in 100 Easy Lessons” by Siegfried Engelmann?
The purpose of a particular rational function integration exercise
Math activities for fast-finishers
Why are "homogeneous differential equations" in the standard ODE curriculum?
Where does the compulsive use of three dots come from and should it be discouraged?
What's the point of learning equivalence relations?
Analogy for cylindrical shells
Math websites/apps for high school students
References for visualizing numbers in base 10 flats
Recommendation for Discrete Mathematics
When does thinking (?8)1/3=?2(?8)1/3=?2 result in problems for an undergraduates?
What should the time limit for this high school math competition topology round be?
Does this property of subtraction and division have a name?
Looking for papers with teaching-oriented style
Practical case real world for solving with system of 2 equations
How long should we spend on teaching students the basics of subject?
What are some famous problems, which are not difficult to understand, for senior high school students
Why we have to be so precise in Geometry?
Exercises for explaning homothety, homothetic center, similarity on line and plane, free vector and vector space
College undergraduate geometry courses
How can I teach 300200300200 to 10 years old students while s\he knows canceling the zeroes rule?
Trying to explain(understand?) combinations
Transition into a non-explicit sample space world
What to do when uncertain about a question while tutoring
Low-tech ways of visualizing multivariable and vector calculus
Number theory in an introductory course on discrete dynamical systems
Can we skip Newton's Method?
Why does a first course in linear algebra teach QR-decomposition?
Relational understanding for a specific topic
Prerequisites to study Laplace Transform completely?
What are some nice ways to incorporate Euler's Method or other numerical methods throughout calculus?
Cautionary tales for Gaussians/the central limit theorem?
Which Geometry book is more rigorous/harder?
Have you ever completely covered every topic in a textbook, and if so, which text?
Best Touchscreen Laptop for Tutoring During COVID Pandemic
Struggling with Math Skills and When to Quit
Mental visualisation ability test for each age?
Why don’t American school textbooks recognize negative numbers as whole numbers?
Teaching linear algebra, wacom tablet display of coordinate system, eigenvectors, markov chains
Is there any university program that offers an introductory statistical methods class that is bayesian -instead- of a frequentist one?
Should students get another chance at a math question because of English troubles?
Appropriate context for teaching derivative (undergraduate/graduate)
Recommendation for cheap practical graphics tablet?
What's the common word for equations and inequalities?
Applications of abstract algebra outside of mathematics and suitable textbook
Would this be a good way of teaching about symmetry?
Teaching Mathematics to a Younger Sibling
Examples of real-life vector fields for vector calculus
Where can I find a good course on tensor calculus not focused on applications and physics?
What should be the bare minimum wrong answer threshold when self studying a math text?
What is the right notation to use in multivariable chain rules?
Choice of textbook for an undergraduate abstract algebra course
Advice: How to cite literature for high-school students?
How to explain that winning the lottery is not a 50/50 distribution?
Do you avoid examples or test questions that showcase an algorithmic plug'n'chug approach?
Setting up a new Ximera course with randomized values in problems
Resources for Unit Conversions
Resources for Unit Rates
How important is it to come up with or learn an elementary solution?
The dimension theorem and pedagogy using analogy
How to summarize textbook material?
Do people usually teach solving a linear differential equation by inverse operators in an undergraduate course?
A wow video to teach Calculus
Teaching calculus in AP without the formal definition of the derivative
Is there online geometric construction software that models physical constructions due to pandemic?
Am I responsible to help a student who does not understand/know some prerequisites of a course?
Relationships amusingly difficult to graph
Clearest verb phrases for operations
Writing mathematics in real time for lectures using Latex
Is there a name for paths that follow gridlines?
When are students taught implicit and parametric representations of curves?
Why is isolating for xx taught before factoring?
What is the motivation for teaching Factoring by Grouping?
Are differential equations considered calculus and included in a calculus class or is it its own class?
Replacement for the Pac-Man grid analogy
A video game for teaching the concept of a mathematical proof
How to create an online examination in a small class that ensures certain academic integrity
How do you teach students about the concept of a proof?
Question about function notation
Logarithms chronologically before algebra
How should I answer questions about the purpose of learning math?
Why do we write numbers with decreasing place values?
Interesting Trigonometry problems
Start drawing a graph
Why is the concept of injective functions difficult for my students?
The Riemann integral vs Lebesgue integral in several variables for advanced undergraduates
Measuring the effectiveness of one-on-one instruction?
Is the AMC 10/12 Test the Difference Maker for Top Schools? What do Colleges Look for?
Single variable complex analysis textbook which uses differential forms
How to explain the LCM algorithm to an 11 year old?
Looking for a rigorous middle school self-study math course
Reference request for 1960s-1970s Australia/NZ primary-level textbooks
Weekly quizzes as an alternative for midterms? What is this called?
Advice on teaching abstract algebra and logic to high-school students
Statistics, for the mathematically rigorous
US High School Geometry: What are all the "reasons" allowed in two column proofs?
Effects of AI based education in mathematics in PISA like studies
Which resource(s) to use to learn the following syllabus of discrete structures?
How can I give feedback that is not demotivating?
Typical structure for walk-in math tutoring in US high schools?
Research into the mathematical education of adults with no prior formal mathematical experience
Complex analysis books/resources where solutions are difficult to find
Usefulness of uu-substitution in and beyond early Calculus?
Looking for a calculus books with very specific requirements
Do my students know elementary algebra; do they just use online calculators or external help; and is this ok?
Create a math quiz with LaTex by randomly choosing questions from a bank
Defining mathematics to primary/elementary school teachers
How do we explain to a little child that a date in 2020 and a date in 2021 are not necessarily a year apart?
Finding the Balance in a Math Question (Teaching)
How can I explain why we need proofs to someone who has no experience in mathematical thinking?
Is playing and teaching chess appropriate in private lessons?
Honors Precalculus: what topics to cut due to pandemic?
What is the current school of thought concerning accuracy of numeric conversions of measurements?
Differing Choices of ?? in a Limit
How to teach the Pythagorean theorem in a satisfying way to high school students?
short teaching demo on logs; but by someone who uses active learning
Seeking references for why it is good that students understand why mathematical rules work
Definition of Trapezoid
Sensible amount of repetition 7 year old
What story and one-digit Natural Numbers best fit Bayes' Theorem chart?
Pros/Cons of using a single story in multiple examples to demonstrate different points
Why do we still teach the determinant formula for cross product? And is it as bad as I think it is?
Pattern and Structure Mathematics Awareness Program (pasmap)
Support modelling cycle through differentiated means
What is the name of this teaching style?
What determines whether a textbook publishes all solutions to exercises?
Is AB¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯?BA¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯AB¯?BA¯ usually taught as an instance of the symmetric property of congruence?
Are there any university programs that "supersize" calculus courses?
Term for candidates for inflection points
Can we define length and perpendicularity not via an inner product?
Should figures be presented to scale?
Material and textbooks for CLIL learners
Self-study: how much should we try to figure out material on our own before studying from a textbook?
Is there any video lecture series on Graph Theory which uses "Introduction to Graph Theory" by Douglas West? as the text
How to reduce ambiguity in the following question?
What famous graduate math textbooks use color?
Reference on study habits; cramming vs studying a bit every day
Why do we teach the Rational Root Theorem? (high school algebra 2)
Improving exposition of a proof about polynomials over infinite fields
Rings in parallel with groups in abstract algebra
Is "conjugate of a binomial" a standard terminology?
Why are all educational textbooks copyrighted? ©
I need strategies for tutoring a bright, motivated student currently taking college algebra who just doesn't seem to retain the things I teach
Why students do not notice sign of plus/minus?
Difficulty in explaining sample space
Is there a virtue to learning how to compute by hand?
Which product of single digits do children usually get wrong?
Why teach the algebraic Calculus?
Why are so many online sources "wrong" about directional derivatives?
Successor to School Mathematics Study Group (SMSG)
How to reduce tilting when going over drills?
Resources for teaching mathematical modeling to high school teachers
Which areas of maths should underperforming western countries focus on?
Worth introducing a mandatory short module on LATEXLATEX into a mathematics degree?
Distance Between Curves in First-Semester Calculus
Self study curriculum for a working professional who is enthusiastic about mathematics
Natural occurrences of a to the (b to the c)? Real world
Do any tools exist that convert "pretty print" equations into "inline text" equations?
History of business calculus/linear algebra curriculum
History of discrete math curriculum
High school algebra books that encourage creative/novel problem solving
Tabular Fundamental Theorem of Calculus
Why do we typically only teach high-school students affine transformations of elementary functions?
Are there any applications of xxxx?
Is there any video lecture series on (UG level) graph theory (might not be specific on any books) but the video/content quality is like that of MIT?
How to do continuous course evaluation and feedback
Why do so many people hate math?
Which academic subjects examine what the advantages and disadvantages of the various number bases are?
Which works better for learning 6 * 7 = 42: saying "six sevens are forty-two", or "six times seven equals forty-two"?
How to evaluate a proof that seems to be using induction informally?
How do you coach students who often make small errors?
Tension between the most intuitive definition vs. the most common definition of a concept
Why are most college level math textbooks black and white only?
How to be a good math teacher at a liberal art college?
Did Americans, before new math came in to schools, really say, 'three from two is nine carry the one", instead of borrowing ten from the tens column?
What is a good second book in high school geometry?
Matriculation exams like in Europe
"Flipped classroom exercises" resources
Phase shift vs. horizontal shift, and frequency vs. angular frequency in sinusoidal functions
Students reliant on answers provided, but not their own reasoning?
Parkour and Mathematical Practice?
Should I avoid writing: 11:40?15 min=11:2511:40?15 min=11:25, and what are alternatives to this way of writing?
Should I do all the proof practice problems in How to Prove It, an intro to proofs book?
What is the purpose of "instant" tutoring?
simple statistics (binomial) terminology
What is the preferred way to denote the Pythagorean theorem equation?
in what sense is the subject of finite group theory 'algebraic'?
How do you handle the frustration of having to GRADE student exams / homework?
An intuitive (non rigorous) text book on graph theory which is student friendly with vivid illustrations
How many of "The Seven Laws of Teaching" are still relevant for teaching maths today?
Analyzing an answer to the following problem: Give meaning to 45+23 analogy
Why should or shouldn't we teach functions to 15 year olds?
When working with 12-16 year olds, how should I graph functions when the domain technically isn't RR?
How to make an introductory course on Statistics interesting
Resource request: 3-4 page review of exponentials and logs
Looking for rigorous books to review geometry, trig, and precalculus
Geometric and Graphical perspective on completing the square
Objectives for group work in undergraduate pure maths
Children's counting problems: Is this question phrased correctly?
Showing applications of calculus to intro students
Are there real life examples of normed vector spaces?
Converting an Online Course Back to In-Person
Why do we write xx instead of 1x1x?
"Rough subitising / estimation" for better intuition and ability to apply arithmetic
Should mathematical logic be included in a discrete mathematics course for computer science?
Locus of the maximal turning point and the point of inflection
Calculus limits taught in the US vs Spain?
Looking for a collaborative drawing solution
Study multiple subjects at the same time or deep dive into one?
What's a good notation to show elements of relation composition?
Example of why proof by exhaustion is inelegant
How to test student's skills in programming or using software?
Is there a math curriculum that is aware of CAS and the internet?
Importance of asking questions in a mathematics class
Hourly math contests online
What are different Mathematical concepts which can be introduced to 12-16 year students in an activity based way
How to teach if calculations and algebraic manipulations are off limits
If one wants to conduct a 1/2 day workshop in Mathematics for 12-16 year old students - how one should go about preparing the workshop
Are there any list of mathematical constructions which can challenge 12-16 year old students?
Is there a study that compares 8-week vs 16-week math classes?
Are there any mathematics based game apps which require students (between 10 - 16 years) to apply their maths knowledge to play the game
What does research indicate about how one should treat units in elementary school?
What are strategies that a 10-13 year old could use to convert 6/27 into decimal notation?
When and where were textbooks that use set notation for basic algebra solutions?
What can (and should) an educator do about ambiguous terms like "triangle", "square", etc?
Different Teaching Styles for Different Genders?
Why do we introduce the notion that triangles are "congruent" instead of just saying that they are "the same" or "equal"?
Arithmetical Progression
Is it a good idea for elementary school students to observe and discover the "circle perimeter formula" themselves without being dictated to?
How to grade group project or group assignment?
Explain to 10 year old — Why do 3D mental pictures usually suffice for high-dimensional geometry?
Response to Students Who Say "This Is Not Important"
Proportional density function question
Not sure what a student is misunderstanding on this Stat question
Why can an easily graphable definite integral, be labyrinthine to evaluate?
An introductory example for Taylor series (12th grade)
Textbooks with solutions and catering to different circumstances
How do math professors select textbooks?
Teaching words with multiple meanings in Mathematics and English
Big list of "interesting" abstract vector spaces
A linear equation -- my approach
Teaching Mathematics to a Machine Learning Class
Creating an Engaging Class Atmosphere
Making the leap from Pre-Calculus to Calculus
What is the English word for the French "repère"?
Highly intuitive yet comprehensive and easily readable (student friendly) book on linear algebra which do not focus much on applications, just basics
How to get student with ADHD to practice exercises consistently
Peter Liljedahl "Thinking Classroom" pedagogy: what is evidence for its effectiveness?
Undergraduate-level abstract algebra books or courses that don't start with groups or rings
Is there a book or Web site that explains how to use and teach the Singapore math block model?
Looking for copies of Vasily Vasilovich Davydov's mathematics curriculum
Applications of the annihilator from linear algebra
Does the way we often introduce the concept of a function make sense?
Why so many single-variable calculus textbooks? But still no equivalents to Visual Group Theory or Complex Analysis for other subjects?
Why is differential calculus often presented before integral calculus?
Real before complex analysis or vice versa?
Is there a place where I can buy well made calculus 2 and calculus 3 lesson plans and power points?
Reference request: an introduction to triangular, square, and other figurate numbers
Can anyone help give pointers of Mathematics Story Telling Animated Videos for Age Group 10 - 15?
How can maths assistants at a college be extra helpful for professors?
What is a good math "curriculum" for a mathematically precocious 4-year old?
Resources for mathematics for sustainability
Should we assess ability to use specific problem solving methods, or general ability to solve problems?
Standards based grading design principles
Which grade students should be able to solve applied economy / business / profit prediction exercises?
Resources to qualify for AIME
Research on Waldorf/Steiner mathematics education
Math Modeling search results data set
Are there measurements of how much mathematics people remember after high-school?
Computing eigenvalues by hand without determinants
How does one tutor an A-level student past the derivative paradox?
Implementing Standards for Mathematical Practice in CCSS(M) (Proficiency Education)
Trials and instructions on proofs
Is Calculus Made Easy by Silvanus P. Thompson a good book for first-time calculus learners?
How to explain loss of significance in numerical analysis?
Math questions for math game
What is the expected fluency with fractions at UK key stage 3?
Teaching LU Factorization in a sophomore-level Linear Algebra course
Remote work in math academia
Help me to prepare for my first job interview presentation
A smart student that struggles in exams
How can I effectively learn and master Math and Statistics for Data Science?
Motivating example for sequences, sums and limits in high school
Why is highschool math so unrigorous?
What studies exist, comparing the efficacy of exercise sheets with or without worked solutions?
Vector geometry as a prelude to linear algebra
How to create an equation of a given form with integer coefficients and variables
Looking for good examples/explanations of maximum likelihood estimators for discrete random variables
Composite fraction?
Is there an equivalent for "tiervenner" in English or other languages?
Analysis of math and its elements
The Basic Practice of Statistics vs. Introduction to the Practice of Statistics
Creating best hand on activities on how to teach equal sharing with fractions in grade 3
Abstract math and making proofs
Should I gave a make up lecture if some students found what I taught is a bit unclear?
At what grade/age levels do students in Florida/USA stop using mixed fractions?
Poll software used for live quiz
Wackerly (2007) vs. Larsen (2018) — Introduction to Mathematical Statistics
Dealing with disagreeable students and not compromising
Effect of grades versus pass/fail on teacher education students
The value of making students copy your derivations exactly
How to keep students' attention while teaching a proof?
Getting students to actually read definitions
Is there a name for this method of column addition and subtraction?
How to encourage students to discuss with themselves in a remote teaching environment pandemic?
Should I ask for a proof-of-work for online exam?
Where can I find hard exercises for logic?
How many zeros do we need to add to get a nonzero value?
Preparing elementary teachers for the praxis exam
What do kids(6-15) need to know in Math to be able to understand Math easily and effectively?
How to encourage grade 5 kid very interested in mathematics?
Exponential & logarithm in a high school calculus class
How to recognize possible dyscalculia in a student?
implicit differentiation, formula of a tangent line
Probability — analytical results instead of simulations
Singapore Math textbooks for secondary/"high school"?
Are there research studies that attempt to determine the value of a "Growth Mindset?"
What is the rationale for distinguishing between proper and improper fractions?
Is there a difference between 'subtract' and 'subtract by'?
Is the AC Method of Factoring polynomials more popular and used by teachers than others methods of factoring polynomials?
I want a "true" proof by contradiction of an implication P?Q
Where can I buy a compass that can hold an "Expo" dry erase whiteboard marker?
Advice on teaching advanced mathematics to high school students
How to make progress as an independent student?
How to train facility with numbers?
How can I encourage students to show up for exercise classes?
Where can I find public repositories of past math exams?
What is the most fundamental continuous function in calculus after a constant (totally straight) line?
How to explain the difference between a constant function and a linear function?
Is it possible to understand decimals without understanding fractions?
Solving math problems and learning
Write calculus multiple choice questions with only numerical answer choices?
is it beneficial to encourage high school students to conduct their own 'research' in mathematics?
Which context of the two contexts of the linear function concept should be taught first?
Why the fear of polynomial long division?
Teaching Math for Elementary Teachers
Are these fraction problems different enough to warrant individual consideration?
Is there an agreed upon difference between how we represent abab and a?1ba?1b?
To what degree can the legally blind, with computer induced medical problems, study statistics?
What is Algebra 1 "Number and quantity; Interpreting Data"?
Combative students in proofs classes
Effective Strategies for Helping Students Recognize Nonsensical Expressions? (HS - Undergrad Level)
Quiz in locked mode without managed Chromebooks?
How to Effectively Implement a "Notice and Wonder" Activity?
Solved , open problems and levels of difficulty
Student asked me if it is necessary to simplify fractions at the end of answering a question. I'm not sure how to respond
Rational Powers of Negative Numbers on Basic Calculators
Simple combinatorics problems using division real world examples
Teaching Solving Linear Equations before teaching evaluating expressions
Is Stewart Calculus a good book for AP calculus exam prep?
Average Cost to Velocity Analogy
Line segments on a geoboard
How to balance between teaching to the standardized test vs understanding?
Search for educational articles
How should I teach logarithms to high school students?
Where can I find the solutions manual to Beginning Statistics with Data Analysis by Mosteller, Fienberg and Rourke?
How do I get started as an online math tutor?
Why is there a disconnect in the usage of "domain" between high school and higher mathematics, and where does it come from?
Questions about proofs
Are ‘constant difference’ and ‘common difference’ synonymous?
What are differences and the examples of syntactic knowlede and substantive knowledge in mathematics?
Advice on how to tutor a twelve year old that starts to cry?
More advanced (free) alternatives to Geogebra and Math3D?
Is there such thing as a 1 kg "decimeter cube?"
ELL textbooks for core university math?
How do I explain the distributivity of multiplication to a student without using the analogy of areas?
Pro's and cons of number line model vs color counter model
What's the best ratio for algebra tiles?
How to encourage young student to think in unusual ways?
Preparing to be a linear-algebra teacher: Any tips/suggestions?
Explaining the intuition for why finding roots of polynomials is hard
Nice examples of limits to infinity in real life
How can I visualize differential equations and Integration in real life?
Introducing direct substitution in an intro calculus course
Is it more efficacious, productive to jump to perusing full solutions — before and without attempting to solve problems?
Doctorate and examples of difficult solved problems
Is there a measurable learning goal related to understanding proofs of important theorems?
What do you think, is teaching on an actual board more efficient than using an online board pandemic?
Questions to help better understand the textbook
How to convince a high school student that the == symbol denotes identity?
Why has the chapter on second-order differential equations been moved to the website instead of being put in the book in Stewart Calculus 9th edition?
How long would it take someone to master the topics in the book "Book of Proof" by Hammack and similar?
What books teach the formula for the # of k-permutations of n objects, with x types, and r1,?,rxr1,?,rx = the number of each type of object?
How can 17 y.o. high school students intuit that P(n, r) stops at n?(r?1)n?(r?1), not n?rn?r?
Best books for mathematical statistics self-study?
Should I upload slides before or after a class
Should proofs include a third “context” column?
Math outside of undergraduate studies and proofs
Why is my 8th grade Algebra 1 tutoring student learning mean absolute deviation and standard deviation?
How do you study subjects you're not that interested in
Problem solving approach to learning and psychology
Mental Health in Mathematics
For 15 year olds, are there exercises — with full solutions — on the Fence Post or Off by One error?
Is copying working and explanation plagiarism in this context?
Measures to quantify complexity of algebra equation
How do I sketch a good gaussian curve freehanded, or by using only common sketching tools?
Abstract math, examples and understanding or visualising
Is Trigonometry done differently in the US?
How do people 'master' a subject? What is the difference with 'memorizing' (not purely memorizing, but rather having it drilled inside the brain) it?
Worldwide standard textbooks vs textbooks from one's home country vs lecture notes by various people - pros and cons
How can students prognosticate to rewrite the same sum backwards, then add the same sum twice?
Good exercises that force you to apply the definition of the derivative, without explicitly telling you to do so?
How to teach relationship between slopes and angles?
Maximize retention
A game that is between Noughts and Crosses and Sprouts for complexity?
Do I really need to cover solids of revolution in my Calculus I class?
what is a good student grouping in this situation?
Seeking short algebraic proofs that an Algebra2 student can appreciate
How and what to teach on a second year Engineering Mathematics?
Are there science-backed effective teaching strategies?
Which whiteboard/canvas app with custom background and color options
What is the best way to introduce Laplace transforms on an Engineering Mathematics course?
Word problems written in past tense, present tense, or future tense
What is the right feedback for incorrect cancellation?
What to do with students who are often absent from class?
Good Examples of Equations Derived from Elementary Calculus
Proofs with Independent Parts
Is applying maths a 'hard problem' and how does the profession help?
What's the Deal with Inverse Cotangent?
Math dyslexia is a big problem for me. I lag behind my classmates
How to make student work in think-pair-share?
What is a good way to broach the subject of abstract algebra, to a student in Calc 1, or pre-calc?
Why do we use functional composition in the order we do?
Policy in mathematics teaching
Ball rolling down curve simulator
Should students in a first university linear algebra class be taught to write simple proofs?
Montessori mathematics for HS/college students
Tips for teaching mathematics with experiments?
Category theory without categories and without theory
How should I grade true-or-false questions if the student's writing is unclear?
Should one teach to use equality or isomorphism in particular groups?
Conferences dealing w/challenges of teaching higher level math to STEM audiences
Concrete vectors spaces without an obvious basis or many "obvious" bases?
Valid Reasons in Two-Column Geometry Proofs
Visual aids for understanding group theory
What should I do if students did very poorly in the mid-term exam?
Should we use quizzes to replace homeworks?
AP Calculus BC Guidance
Middle school math games for the parking lot
Resource for International Comparison of Math Education Logistics
Is there a good Animation to explain Rotational Symmetry of Equilateral triangle
Program for visualizing trajectories for a 2D system of linear differential equations
Should an undergraduate math program contain a course on Lebesgue integration?
Best PreCalculus Textbook
What are examples of math-themed sci-fi appropriate for students?
Creative problems in 2D vector geometry
Long division layout in French-speaking Switzerland
What kind of general advice for studying math we can offer undergraduate studens who do not major in math?
What should be memorized in math and what should be reference table?
Is it normal for a child to strongly prefer addition to subtraction?
Resources for Teaching Parameterization of Curves/Surfaces
References for mathematical notation for foreign students in the U.S
Do we need to practice equation derivation while learning math if equations will be chunked and automatized?
How to understand the book and the material to the deepest possible level?
Finding an analogy to explain the function of a binary adder
Student forgets to remove dx after integrating
Real-world applications of taxicab metric
What term describes the relationship between tenth, hundredth, thousandth and the number ten?
How can you elicit the logx=log?xlog?x=log?x error?
Where can I find a collection of bad/misleading data visualizations?
What are best practices for building a dedicated space for mathematics majors?
A good way to learn differential equations rigorously
What are some examples of great functions that are not too elementary (easy)?
How well can students learn abstract concepts through concrete examples?
Is it considered a mistake to use different correct notation for writing intervals?
Equation of a straight line on two dimensional Cartesian plane
Explaining why volume of cone is a third of cylinder
Examples of relations that are not functions
Is there anything one can do for students who have given up?
Generating exercises about extrema of f(x,y)
Importance of exploring skills in mathematics
How to create a platform for students asking questions quickly and privately?
How can I improve my Retake Policy?
Is the Wronskian still assumed for graduate education?
How to study for a mathematics undergraduate entrance examination?
Simple way to explain Sine theorem applications
How to let students answer a Moodle Quiz by typing (or pasting) LaTeX code?
Is "Annular Ring" redundant?
How does the average level of expected mathematical sophistication at high school level increase?
Can a science educator teach math?
Is there a widely respected early childhood math curriculum?
What software can I use for remote math tutoring?
Are there pre-printed wall images that might engender understanding in a very young child?
Multivariable Calculus Project Ideas
Motivating Students Through "Random Teaching"
What are your experiences with Buck’s Advanced Calculus?
How do I teach the difference between Linear Equations and Equation of a Line
For students who don't have instant recall with basic arithmetic, should I be stubborn about training them to have instant recall before moving on?
What is the MOST efficient paper/mental multiplication algorithm for integers?
Explaining difference between improper integrals that converge and diverge
Symmetry of mathematical expressions in problem solving
Tangent line to a curve
Definition for Mathematical Formula
Importance of standardization of definitions of mathematical terms
Reasoning outcomes of simplifications involving infinity
Textbooks for Non-Convex Optimization
What are the essential mathematics skills that uni based STEM math educators want high school to teach students?
How to differentiate the two notions of convergence order?
How can I validate the existence of percentages above 100?
Third isomorphism theorem: how important is it to state the relationship between subgroups?
Experimental Evidence that Mathematical Reasoning is Important
Skipping a calculus topic (squeeze theorem)
The Interleaving Effect: How widely is this used?
Why Massively Multivariate open online calculus class (M2O2C2) on Coursera was discontinued?
Best book for trigonometry and calculus?
Ideas for game-theoretic meta contest problems for HS students
Do horizontal asymptote rules require function to be fully simplified?
Math Proofs - why are they important and how are they useful?
Book recommendation for Mathematical olympiads for a +2 student
Looking for Venn Diagram Maker
Is coefficient same as constant?
Educators, what resources have you built to better serve your students?
What value is there in requiring students to declare the dimensions of an answer when it is already clear from context?
Problem solving or question answering
How do you know when a textbook is too difficult for you?
Policies and practices for supporting students in crisis
Reduction of fractions
How can I internalize solutions/proofs to theorems and exercises?
Should/ how should I help students reframe their negative thoughts about their own mathematical abilities?
Games suitable for high school level teaching
Favorite linear programming (not integer) examples?
From Tycho, Kepler to Newton
math syllabus US education system 1-12th Grade
Applications for logarithms in a business math course
What are some rationales to teach Computer Science students Sequences and Series?
Counting principles in combinatorics
Fitch Style Deduction in Non-Logic Classes
How can I help/tutor a friend who is taking the same course as me?
Can 5 - 3a be described as five minus three times a?
video tutorials by students for classmates - concerns?
The two paradigms of seeing a functions
Calculus/analysis as basis for basic school topics
Why is calculus important for pre-service Math basic school teachers?
Best natural language(s) for conveying, conceptualizing, teaching, understanding, and learning Probabilistic & Statistical concepts & theory?
Workflow for class notes/slides and examples?
Is there any way of explaining the Cayley/Beltrami–Klein metric to undergrads?
When is the best time to return a graded assessment?
How can I build a protractor without a protractor?
What value is there in requiring students to answer word problems in complete sentences?
what could be some replacement language for the term "spoon feeding"
Manipulative materials to teach functions
What are some research-level opportunities in mathematics that do not focus on proofs?
Which books on geometry and topology are best for teaching an intro graduate course?
Write y=3+x?????y=3+x as the composite of two functions
Lowercase vs. uppercase letters for matrix entries
What are the leading journals in mathematics education?
Why does math need to be practiced and exercised, when L1 Linguistic Competence is subconscious?
As a tutor, should I make students who did badly on timed, closed book past paper tests, do the exact same test again?
Can it be defended that 4–?4 is both 22 and ?2?2 (and likewise for general square roots)?
Algorithm vs guidelines for choosing axes divisions when graphing data
Online homework systems for ordinary differential equations
Is there a easy-to-use program that can make a GIF / Video in which an equation is transformed?
Why is a Calculus III student more likely to solve this problem?
Should we require students to take notes in class?
Does induction really avoid proving an infinite number of claims?
Examples of random variables that are measurable with respect to a strict subset of P(?)
A computer program for learning addition and multiplication table
Finite sum of infinite series
Elementary examples for non-reversible logical steps
How to keep your hands clean while using a blackboard?
What are some ways that one can progress from stage 2 to stage 3 of the rigor stages that Terry Tao has described?
What should I do when I, as a math tutor, use incorrect verbal notation?
Why don't exercises ask readers to discover results themselves, before requiring proof? Why disclose the result in the question?
What other mathematicians have advocated for freely publicizing detailed solutions, to every exercise?
How can a teacher help a student who has internalized mistakes?
What do you use to make your course materials?
What age student should be able to answer this question?
What is a good pacing for a Calculus 1 undergraduate course?
Geometry in the Community College Curriculum
Why is there variation in the meaning of "Standard form" for a quadratic?
Why must most adults slog at exercises to improve at Math, but not driving that AI still can't automate?
Why can't students master math simply by passive reading?
Help needed to find 7th & 8th grade completed math samples
What do you do in order to drag out lectures?
Split in pedagogy of propositional logic
Encouraging students to see value in things that can't be measured
How to explain the concept "Without loss of generality" (through examples)?
Potential topics for a university level mathematical thinking module
Is this motivation for the concept of a limit a good one?
What is the text for "the other second-term course in analysis at MIT?"
Online math quiz: students make short video explaining solution
Point Deductions - Exams and Quizzes
When dealing with sequences, should we teach students to start at 0 or 1?
Quality of a solution in mathematics
Why do we use polysemy?
What are some examples of mathematical errors in computer algebra systems (CAS)?
When did math start to be a hated subject in schools and universities?
Research Into Self-Learning at Undergraduate Level and Above
Where to learn axiomatic geometry from Hilbert's axioms?
How to teach the concept of probability distribution?
English version of the "Spécialité Mathématiques" French baccalaureate course (for a Ukrainian refugee)?
Suggestions for Virtual Blackboard?
Suggestion for IB program Analysis and Approaches SL book?
Pedagogical insights to be gleaned from AI attempts to ‘learn’ mathematics
How to explain to a ~12?1612?16 year-old student who is weak at maths, that  38×27×14=27×14×38 38×27×14=27×14×38?
Learning, exams, math degree
Problem set recommendations for a student who has taken classes through Calc III, but has very weak fundamentals
About instructor's manual in math textbooks: principles, design, uses and impact
Calculus problems arising from real research problems
Math curricula\programs or any experience using "The Road to Reality" as the\a primary textbook
Where can I find a summary of typical material (e.g., mathematics) taught in US elementaries and high schools?
Introductory Books easier than Dover
Students confusing "object types" in introductory proofs class
What is the maximum value of the sum of the digits of the sum of the digits of a three-digit number?
How to introduce the use of Greek letters in high school?
Proof by Contradiction vs. Proof of Negation
Is patching up a student's poor solution better than providing a good solution?
Should one include the unit in the variable? E.g. should one write x?=30?x?=30? or x=30?x=30??
Which are the most used Greek letters in math textbooks?
Arithmetic books for adults
How does learning math differ from learning second foreign languages (L2)?
Is it meaningful to add a number to itself a fractional number of times?
Example of a phenomenon from real life where there is a limit going to infinity
Relearning math after long COVID using AoPS or developmental math textbooks?
Best Free Direction Field Plotter?
Introduction of group action as morphism of groups
Common mistakes in probability
When teaching online, how does the teacher teach visual concepts?
‘Lies to children’ in mathematics and statistics education
Should math for elementary teachers content be taught under the direction of the math department?
What is the justification to teach the (redundant) use of parentheses in multiplications?
Research into how students read algebraic expressions
Are there examples of central symmetry, without axial symmetry, in nature?
How to teach using brackets in sums?
Is there a canonical name for a polynomial-like expression allowing for negative powers?
Why do we explicitly state the equality of two things when we know they're equal
Do Greek students use Greek letters to denote angles?
Teaching math too soon in middle school and high school
What implication arrows, if any, should I require in teaching?
Law of large numbers as a middle school topic?
A few quick sentences to inspire an 8 year old in Maths
f(x+h) in the difference quotient
Word for an object being extended: Given F, a function that extends F is called an extension and F is called the extension __?
How to formalize high-school (Euclidean) geometry?
Composite functions
Elementary Teacher Math specialist/ Basic Math Minor
Applications of Triangle Inequality for high-school students?
Best demonstration of ?? ever; is this common?
Lateral thinking in mathematics
If I take Modern Analysis next year, will I be prepared to teach multivariable/vector calculus?
Definite integrals with equal limits
Difference between the Cambridge IGCSE 0580 and 0607 mathematics courses
Online platforms for teachers to discuss matters related to mathematics
Is there ADA-compliance certification for mathematics text books?
How do/should administrators estimate the cost of producing an online introductory mathematics class?
Is it possible to learn some basic mathematics using an app?
Is there a fair way to increase the grade of students who did not do well in exams?
Pi Day is approaching: What are some interesting math questions whose answer is exactly ???
What to cover on a first ordinary differential equations module?
What should I call the "important" values of x?
Homework in a Flipped Classroom
When writing log, do you indicate the base, even when 10?
Geometrical approaches in algebra
How do you describe your experience using OER textbooks for calculus?
Mathematical induction without simplifying equations or inequalities
Multiple proofs for the same problem
Student finding it difficult to recall theorem exactly
How to give exercises when students can use ChatGPT
Questions to test highest level of competency
Impact of GPT4 and future AI development on math curricula in schools
Teaching Clifford Algebra Instead of Imaginary/Complex Numbers
How to teach that 10000x210000x2 c22m22 is wrong?
Parentheses around negative numbers
What is an example of something you might see outside of math class and how would you model that thing as a set?
Best category theory textbook for undergraduate students
Interpreting the derivative as instantaneous rate of change in real phenomena
A better example of a logical implication
Studies on the change in effectiveness of pedagogical practices over time
Seeking Advice on Allowing Students to Skip a Quiz in Linear Algebra Course
What is the best didactical way to read decimal numbers?
Triples or triplets in Pythagoras theorem
Resources for teaching decimal numbers
Is Morris Kline's 'Calculus: An Intuitive and Physical Approach' a Good Book to Learn Calculus From?
Process of finding limits for multivariable functions
What is a theoretical contribution in mathematics-education research?
Comparison of texbook for "how to write proofs"
Simple examples of how a good notation or diagram can help to solve math problems
simpson paradox in classroom: reports?
What are "must read"/classical refences on data aggregation/disaggregation in statistics?
Do any middle-school texts indicate that irrationality requires proof?
Discrete Probability Modeling with Desmos or Spreadsheets
Any online resources explaining why rearrangement of terms occurs in a particular order
What is the terminology for integers with the same oddness or evenness?
Differentiation in integer solutions
Are Error-Analysis Lessons Effective?
Why don’t we teach a topological view of continuity instead of epsilon-delta?
Importance of etymological approach to terminology
congruency: how widely used?
What is the origin of "Core Assessment" for freshman university classes?
Assigning essays in take home exams
Are there any fun toy applications of representation and character theory for finite groups to physics?
Why do we teach linear algebra in precalculus classes?
Good analogies for teaching error correcting codes
‘Induction on’ vs ‘Induction with respect to’ in math
Is it harmful to use the word "Cancel"?
Adjusting a Bonus Points System to More Equitably Benefit Struggling Students
Infinite descent method
Joint Teaching of a First Year Engineering Maths Class
Should one study Laplace Transformation before Fourier Transforms?
Are these explanations of variance and covariance intuitive?
Studies on the effects of using online platforms in teaching mathematics on students' beliefs about mathematics
Topics covered in Calculus I and II (university level) that aren't covered in the AP Curriculum
Programming and computation-focused textbook for introductory linear algebra
Why are there two inverses to exponentiation?
Activities that encourage students to create or evaluate mathematical notations
Partitioning objects in combinatorics
What evidence is there in the literature that lessons geared towards dyslexic student help non-dyslexic students?
Demarcated "Proof Idea"
Recommendations for secondary student interested in maths
Can this be a better way of defining subsets?
Teachers passionate in mathematics
Any meaning/interpretation for 10!+11!+12!+…(=e)10!+11!+12!+…(=e) (sum of reciprocals of factorials)?
Whole numbers as sets vs abstracted properties of sets
How can we best motivate the study of polynomials to high-school students?
What is Algebra 1 and 2 as it is in US highschool education?
How to teach pure mathematics to a well-educated adult who did badly in maths at school
Calculus at competitive level or Olympiad level
how to read binary numbers?
What is the dimension of RR over QQ?
Where to distribute free math ed materials for informal settings?
Is it better to teach category theory in the background of type theory than set theory?
Pythagoras and Trigonometry sequencing
Theory-practice order vs practice-theory
Books with Glossaries
do you know a mind-boggling/curious historical facts that will inspire and attract young people?
How to explain that integral calculate areas?
Sources on inequity in precalculus sequence
Are there differences between graphs, diagrams and charts?
What's it called when multiple concepts are combined into a single problem?
What would constitute as a good justification of why a divergent limit is divergence for highschool teaching?
What mathematical topics are important for succeeding in an undergrad PDE course?
A Question about Answer Keys
If a student earns a non-ABET accredited engineering degree, when can they take the FE or PE exam?
Models for spherical geometry
Should I really just "shut up and calculate"? On learning at a good pace without sacrificing rigour
Limitations of applying the factor theorem
How to explain square meters?
Course materials for developing a mathematical theory from "natural questions to ask"
Responding to students' questions that aren't directly relevant to their exams
Is there a preferred way to format a negative exponent?
highschool's mathematics journal which citable in Google Scholar
Scepticism as the cornerstone for not making mistakes in arithmetic/algebra etc, especially for students who relentlessly make every possible error
How to convince a student without calculus that great circles are geodesics in a sphere?
In math exams, how rigorous should the questions be?
Geometric line: constructing fractions
How to properly define volume for beginner calculus students?
Is it correct to state that a cone has no faces?
Correcting how a student writes symbols
What is important to keep in mind in grading proof-based courses?
What are some good books on mathematical pedagogy?
Recommended online software for Euler method/ODEs
Remote Teaching by Video Conferencing
references and examples of questions that shows what mathematics is not
Why are negative numbers introduced before quotients in the real number subsets?
Looking for web app resources for symbolic Gaussian elimination
Is there any university or college in any country where failure and dropout rates in Calculus are not so high?
Explaining Sigma-Notation
Utillizing Lakatos' "Proofs and Refutations" in Secondary Education
Graphing lines by finding integer points
Is 'For all xx' an abuse of language in math?
Seeking References on Deterministic and Stochastic Phenomena Suitable for High School Students
The key didactical ideas on mathematical modelling?
Does the "Middle School Mathematics domains" refer to (I) through (V) topics?
Naming the procedure of converting the place values of digits
What benefit is there to obfuscate the geometry with algebra?
Geometrical verifications for Algebraic formulae
What can be considered as common knowledge in an online Mathematics course?
Is there a resource for learning to read mathematical notation/equations/formulae?
Plainly by eye, how can 16 year olds visually distinguish b? ?r? b??r? from |b? |?|r? ||b?|?|r?|?
Antiderivative of 1/x1/x, with or without absolute value?
Sourcing and verifying calculus applications
Does there exist a (statistical) topology induced by students on the space of algebraic formulas? :)
Is there a way to extend the analogy that fractions means "x out of y" to show that fractions are also dividing?
Is there a particular reason why segment addition postulate and partition postulate are two different things?
What are some common errors and misconceptions about the Pythagorean Theorem?
What would be a good pacing for teaching this calculus 2 course?
Students can't seem to grasp the intent of tangent lines and getting general trends of derivatives from graphs
How should an educator answer a student who asks "Can this theorem be deduced in other systems of set theory?"
Role of history of mathematics in contextual teaching and learning
What can I do when advanced undergraduate and/or early graduate STEM students cannot perform correct math manipulations?
"Real life" examples of limits of functions at finite points
Why not think of derivatives as fractions?
Do undergraduates struggle with ?-? definitions because they lack a habit of careful use of their native language?
How to explain why we can’t factor xn+ynxn+yn for all natural numbers n, to 13 year olds?
How to motivate xn?yn?(x?y)(xn?1+xn?2y+...+xyn?2+yn?1)xn?yn?(x?y)(xn?1+xn?2y+...+xyn?2+yn?1), to 13 year olds?
To 17 year olds, how can I explain that two numbers with arbitrarily small difference are equal?
When is it appropriate to warn about the difficulty of a subject?
Is this a viable Calculus 1 question?
Natural origins or learned habit: Why do students skip concepts before applications?
Alternative to Quizlet live that supports latex formulas
Identifying Trigonometrical proofs
How can one lone picture prove the Triangle Inequality, |x?y|?|x|+|y||x?y|?|x|+|y|, |x|?|y|?|x?y||x|?|y|?|x?y|, and the Reverse Triangle Inequality?
What are some decent apps for Hasse diagrams?
Basic skill requirement suspension
Feedback from AI based learning to human based learning in math?
Role of human math teachers in the century of AI learning tools
Cognitive activation vs cognitive load reduction
Why do most Analysis textbooks overlook, and fail to teach delta-epsilon proofs, using the K-? principle?
Idea of using LLMs to help communicate ideas in math
What are some "deep" questions to explore in elementary school math?
Chinese and Japanese most important high school textbooks
Examples of Financial Institutions that Compute Interest Atypically?
Educational resources commonly address slant asymptotes. Why not general polynomial asymptotes?
Online Probability Simulation for Compound Events
Intuition for order of operations in compound transformations
Game project using linear algebra
Engaging Mathematical Riddles for Classroom Enrichment: examples and impact studies references
How can I teach intuition why ‘If P then Q’ and ‘P only if Q’ mean the same, to first year undergraduates?
Summer or Semester Programs which bridge to Graduate Mathematics
Importance of complex numbers knowledge in real roots application
Is there a standard convention for interpreting ambiguous absolute value expressions?
How can we explain intuitively the convergence and divergence of these two series?
Order of operations pemdas
Speed math appropriate for middle-school students
How does a math Olympian fare in undergraduate maths courses?
What will happen if someone doesn’t make it to the IMO team?
Fixing wrong ideas about coefficients (e.g. subtract 3 from 3x to isolate x)
Does a proof by induction have to explicitly refer to the principle of mathematical induction?
What to do with "wild goose chase" or "quantum leap"-types of incorrect solutions when you ask students to prove/show something?
Help finding a YouTube channel for Linear Algebra
Requesting a Polynomial System of Equations
Where can I find new types of problems regarding graduate level mathematics?
What age group is this puzzle appropriate for?
Bridging the gap between students' intuitive problem-solving abilities and expressing ideas through formal writing
Loaning students calculators during exams
"Tools" (literarily) for solving linear or quadratic equations
Which Books Comprised The Houghton Mifflin Modern Mathematics Series
Any examples of calculus sequence that deemphasizes calculation tricks?
Special topics for introductory probability
Problem of the Week for College Students
ADHD superfocus and motivation for mathematics
Strategies for Designing Challenging Yet Feasible Quiz Problems for Upper-Level Math Courses
Are the standard of questions provided in reputed institutions like MIT, Stanford, Oxford, etc., as good as the problems of IMO?
Examples for advanced math courses based on measurable learning objectives
Textbook For a Course on Classical Geometry
Strategies for Fair Assessment in Mixed-Ability Undergraduate Math Classes
Learn ring theory more fun
Topological fun facts for high school students
How to mention a long theorem in a presentation/beamer
Best practices for Proof Revision/ Proof Portfolio?
are there Evidence-Based Justifications for Mandatory Mathematics Education in School Curricula?
What are common mistakes that students will make when solving "What's the original price" percentage problems?
OER text for the mathematics of fair division
Whether to tell students how difficult (you think) a problem is
Do you think with the advent of Desmos/GeoGebra, the Moore Method is more accessible to high school?
How did Grigori Perelman , got all the necessary theory and materials to prove the Poincaré conjecture?
Looking for resources about visualizing in mathematics
Are some natural languages better for expressing mathematical concepts than others?
How can we motivate that Newton's method is useful?
Infinite descent method in geometry
Alternative approaches in basic mathematical operations
International mathematical olympiad-type competitions at lower levels, and if they exist, their educational usefulness?
Some whiteboard program specialized for "typing" with latex support
1st time math teacher 1st test feedback appreciated
What is the terminology for "self-referral" integrals in calculus?
Staircase method of small integer addition
Why don't these 'solve in 2 sec' tricks work?
Please identify this American elementary textbook series from the 1950s
Mnemonics for memorizing the difference between a closed interval and an open interval
Should I choose Cox-based Jaynes' approach or Kolmogorov approach to base myself on to teach probabilities to high-school students?
Flashcards and Study Methods for Undergraduate and Masters Degrees
Sources of sample data for regressions
A good book about mathematical thinking
Is integrated math class the same as mathematics class?
What books does a Chinese institution use in the undergraduate maths courses?
Motivating a definition of "gap" in a line just barely more advanced than the one used in the typical first-year calculus course
Regarding finding eigenvalues and minimal polynomial of an operator with limited tools while following Sheldon Axler
Resources for designing math degree programs
Confusing variables with units in simple equations
When Interpreting "If A, then B" as "A coupled with B" is rational?
About a difficult exercise for 12 years pupils
Any known platform to post self made math questions
Looking for interesting tasks and activities for 6th grade students for a course on problem solving
Does some textbook on probability use a particular way (described here) of accomplishing the segue into continuous distributions?
Applications of High School Geometry
Why use the vague notion of "vector" when you have R2,R3,R4,…R2,R3,R4,…?
Effectiveness of Requiring Students to Repeat Proofs Presented in Class
What theorems from single-variable calculus break down in the multi-variable context?"
Advice and Remedial Algebra Resources for Students Committed to Calculus
What are pros and cons of requiring students to create their own math questions, and what are some tips to make it work well?
Comparison of two ways to introduce translation to 12-14 year olds
Recreational mathematics to create sense of mathematics
When can students understand the intersection of two circles?
Understanding common multiples
How would you prepare students for "Alice and Bob" Putnam problems?
Seeking Advice on Incorporating Online Discussions into Course Grading
Is there national grade distribution data for introductory service courses?
Is it a good idea to give partial points in grading
Dominance of connectives: Why do we teach this?
Why is a+b=b+aa+b=b+a?
Real-World Problems for Teaching Extrema and Derivative Tests in STEM Education
Why do some (pre-) calculus text allow r<0r<0 in polar coordinates?
International Baccalaureate - where to find the detail of the math programs?
How to assess students in real analysis?
why or when do we use the general form of conic sections?
When teaching an upper-level proof based course, what criteria do you use to determine which and how many problems to assign?
Trade-off between writing neatly vs scribbling (scribbling aims to maximise working memory)
How to prove, without the LOTUS formula, to student that V[aX+b]=a2V[X]V[aX+b]=a2V[X]?
The effectiveness of "honors" classes
Overcoming Dyslexia and Building Intuition
What's the most practical and efficient way to sort exams on paper?
Engaging in a puzzle without a guidance of a leader while simultaneously being a component of that puzzle
What are the differences between the nn permutations of the Edwards & Penney Differential Equations books?
How can graduates learn and apply university-level math, but fail to solve competition problems?
Having students assess what problems they're ready for
The value of homogeneous divisibility rules and of a numeration
Math textbook for secondary school using Logo like syntax
Generating function example
Math textbook for secondary school using Logo like language
Book recommendations for Math for Biochemistry Course
Math tools for restructured lectures
Is there a mathematics core assessment rubric?
An algebra student wants to learn to type commutative diagrams in LaTeX
Why is it written tan?1tan?1?
How to grade a flipped class to improve participation and attendance
"Pure Imaginary" or "Purely Imaginary"?
What are some simple problems that calculators get wrong?
A visualization for the quotient rule
Book or curriculum for teaching base-16 numeral system to elementary, middle, or high school children?
Earliest real-world uses of Calculus and Linear Algebra
How to round numbers?
Usage of cubic equation Vieta's formula
What are your most recommended resources to teach fractions?
Inner voice when reading mathematics
What skills do algebra teachers wish their students had mastered before taking algebra?
What is a corequisite course?
What are the essential topics in undergraduate financial mathematics?
What Basic Math Skills Should Be Expected of Students in a University-Level Linear Algebra Course?
Producing defective matrix examples
How Can I Encourage Students to Use AI Like ChatGPT Across Math Courses?
What is this symbol called?
Math Progress for Year 2 Student?
Would you correct grading mistakes downwards if there is a mistake in grading?
Correct notation of a Sample space
Which cognitive psychology findings are solid, that I can use to help my students?
Resources to introduce Modular arithmetic
The easy and the hard problems involving independent events
Logarithms properties, continuity and circular reasoning
Truth tables. What does a truth valuation of a formula even mean?
Preparing students to face challenges caused by artificial intelligence
Why can't I teach that picking (un)popular integers doesn't lower Probability of winning lotteries?
Recommended math site or app for 7th/8th grade
Examples of different languages with mathematically different names for concepts
Seeking journal for theoretical papers publishing
How to justify formula for area of triangle (or parallelogram)
Assigning a semi-independent project for current math I students to learn a topic in Math II overlap with math I, and teach a math II class, how to?
What are signs your high school algebra II (arithmetic) course plan focuses heavily on the first half and neglects depth in the second half?
Making an online math course "interactive"
Is teaching how to solve recurrence relations using generating functions too much for a first year discrete maths course?
How can a church or other non-academic institution find and hire math teachers?
Literature on mathematical intutiion
Reading popular books in undergraduate math classes: Techniques, assignments, methods?
What kind of sequence is between an arithmetic and a geometric sequence?
How can I distribute an exam to a large class without a lockdown broswer such as Respondus/Proctorio?
Real-life problems involving solving triangles
Questions about writing a Linear Algebra textbook, with Earth Science applications
When Did They Start Using Ohm's Triangle for Arithmetic Topics?
How to choose a textbook that is pedagogically optimal for oneself?
References on maxima and minima serving as a pedagogical context to explore and gain a deeper understanding of real functions
Does this explanation of integration and the Fundamental Theorems of Calculus make any sense?
Teaching students how to check the validity of their proofs
Advice for assigning student projects in masters data science stats course
Question on implementation of PBL (problem or project-based learning) in Linear Algebra course
Proof that ee is finite
How can middle school students intuit 'if not" = "except if'?
Emphasizing the decreasing condition in the Integral Test or in the AST (in Calculus II): is it worth the time?
How can I teach, how to replace 'unless' with 'if not'?
Finding a Linear Algebra reading topic
*very* simple examples for definite integrals, for programming and business students
Should I apply for teaching assistance given my situation?
Explaining Arithmetic Progression
Why are volumes of revolution typically taught in Calculus 2 and not Calculus 3?
Syllabus for the bs and ms in mathematical and theoritical statistics
How do I explain that (?1)2=1(?1)2=1 to a child?
Best way to explain the thinking steps from x² = 9 to x=±3
Does answering any math questions you encounter help the quality of what you learn?
solutions to Hung-Hsi Wu's Teaching School Mathematics: Prealgebra/Algebra textbooks?
Intuitively, what does the 11 mean in ab=1(ba)ab=1(ba)?
How to picture xn?yn?(x?y)(xn?1+xn?2y+?+xyn?2+yn?1)?n?4 ?
Defining Properties of a Line
Engaging students in the beauty of mathematics
Balancing Rigour and Application When Teaching Generating Functions to Computer Science Students
Is it feasible to create an online platform to effectively teach college-level math (abstract algebra, real analysis, etc.)?
Math programs in Russia and post-Soviet states - how do they compare to US?
What are some limitations of this learning method?
Throwing Expressions: The Under-Taught Art of Algebraic Sculpting
Foundations researching on activity-based projects in school level
Are there any current scholars defending the "new" mathematics movement in the US or elsewhere?
What is the simplest formula for calculating the circumference of a circle?
Order of function transformations
When learning about algebra and geometry, should I read roughly or try to understand every sentence?
Is there an intuitive explanation for the properties of Pascal's triangle?
Iconic and symbolic representations
Hard PreCalculus Problems
What is the correct math term for "same form"?
How is the "simplest form" defined in the case of complex trig expressions?
Ideas how to make slides easily
Literature on implementing pedagogy in teaching
Is using online interaction platforms like Wooclap effective in a university math classroom?
Difference between pre-algebra and early algebra in primary school teacher education
Enhancing mathematical proof skills using AI (in university teaching)
The origin of "concave up" and "concave down"
Math problems amount to some learning? So how would I tackle alot of problems given a time interval?
Solve 1<21<2. Does it make sense to ask this?
Book on Mathematical Problem-Solving Techniques
Why are sequences and series typically taught in Calculus 2 and not Calculus 1?
Applications of line and surface integrals where the underlying space is not the physical space
Should more basic methods of proof be taught BEFORE induction?
A single symbol or notation means many things - does this actually cause problems for learners?
I want to teach someone number theory in details starting from the beginning. How shall I start?
chaining implications and equivalences in proofs
Recommendations on the number of exercises to do from Linear Algebra and Its Applications 6th edition (by Lay & McDonald)
Recommendations on number of exercises to do from Thomas Calculus 15th ed
Should I let go of some of the things I planned to learn, or should I take it as a challenge to try to accomplish all of the things I planned to do?
Where to position the carried integers in long multiplication workings?
Notation yy vs y(x)y(x) for differential equation
Contextual effects on children's literacy versus numeracy skills
Formative alternative to midterms for a large class
How Can I Improve My Mathematical Writing to Sound More Formal and Precise?
What's the value of teaching least squares in high school?
List of statistics questions
Book Recommendations Similar to Blanchard's Differential Equations
Convincing the contrapositive is equivalent
Good ways to help students overcome the mistake that 2a?3b+7a+4b=?5a+7b
Why not BIDMSA rather than BIDMAS?
Problem involving vectors and surfaces using analogy
How to teach high school students to analyze diagrams in a proof?
examples of technological milestones that have impacted mathematics education
Improving Retake Strategies for Proof-Based Quiz Problems
